This is the transcript for the episode Lunch Break.
[The episode starts with Skips, Muscle Man, HFG, Mordecai, and Rigby repairing the basketball court. Benson approaches on crutches.]
Benson: (almost falls) Woah!
HFG: Careful there, Benson. You don't want to break your other foot too.
Benson: (monotone) No, Fives, I certainly don't.
Muscle Man: Don't worry bro. Once we re-pave this basketball court, there won't be a crack in sight.
Benson: Thanks a lot guys. Since you're all working so hard out here, I wanted to treat you to sandwiches from Sandwicci's.
[All murmur excitedly]
Muscle Man: Perfect!
[They each grab a menu and read it]
Muscle Man: I'll get the number 12.
HFG: Yeah! For me too.
Skips: I'll get the 33.
Benson: Mordecai? Rigby?
Rigby: So we can get any sandwich?
Benson: Of course.
Mordecai: Whatever we want?
Benson: This menu is your playground.
[Mordecai snickers]
Rigby: We'll have the 46.
Benson: Okay, two number 46's.
Mordecai: Just one. We can share.
[Rigby snickers]
Benson: Oh. Okay. One number 46.
[Next scene. Everybody continues to work on the basketball court and Benson pulls up in his car and honks.]
Benson: Lunch is served!
Muscle Man: Oh. Awesome.
HFG: I'm starving.
[Mordecai laughs]
Mordecai: Hey, I don't see our sandwich.
Rigby: Yeah where's number 46?
Benson: Let me get it.
[Mordecai and Rigby chuckle. Benson opens his trunk and throws his crutches and hops to pull out their 20 foot sub. Mordecai and Rigby laugh. Benson calmly laughs then laughs angrily. Mordecai and Rigby laugh quieter and more nervously.]
Benson: This sandwich cost me $85.00!
Rigby: But you said we could order any sandwich we wanted.
Benson: I did...I said that. Now listen to me as I say this. If you two don't eat this entire sandwich by the end of the day, YOU'RE FIRED!!!
[Benson throws the sandwich on the ground. Cut to the next scene, where Muscle Man, HFG, Mordecai and Rigby are eating their sandwiches while Skips keeps working.]
Mordecai: Pssh. We got this.
Rigby: Yeah, we've been eating to extreme's since before we can talk.
Mordecai: Or, at least since we were twelve. Remember that time with the cereal?
[Cut to next scene where young Mordecai and Rigby are watching RGB2. It then cuts to Mordecai, who has brown hair and pimples on his cheeks, and then to Rigby, who has dark brown hair and tiny mustache hairs on his upper lip, which we see him stroke]
Villian (in the TV): sobbing
Rigby: Here it comes!
RGB2 (in the TV): I hope you've saved room for desert!
Mordecai and Rigby: OOOOOOOOH! Start Laughing
Mordecai: So good.
Rigby: Yeah.
Commercial Announcer: Don't go to sleep yet kids! (Mordecai and Rigby gasp) There's a new sugary cereal on the shelf to finish your day off right! With all the vitamins of a complete breakfast, RGB2io's are the best midnight snack.
Rigby: We need these!
Commercial Announcer: And if you buy now, 1 in 5 boxes have RGB2 toys, saying his catchphrase.
RGB2: I hope you saved room for desert!
Mordecai: We need that.
[Young Mordecai and Rigby are at the store shaking the boxes of RGB2io's.]
Mordecai: I just hear cereal.
Rigby: I think this one might just be a touch....not or exactly the same.
Mordecai: The commercial said 1 in 5's a winner, if we get 5 boxes there's gotta be a prize in one of them.
[Back to Rigby's basement, Mordecai put's his hand in one of the boxes to find the toy.]
Mordecai: Nothing!
Sherm: (from upstairs) Rigby! You boys better not be awake down there!
Rigby: Were not!
(Rigby hides the cereal boxes under a blanket. Sherm walks in the room)
Sherm: Rigby what is this?
Rigby: What? Nothing.
[Sherm removes the blanket and sees the cereal boxes.]
Sherm: Nothing!? This is nothing? You've been digging for boxes again haven't you!? You know the rules son, don't you dare open a new box of cereal, until you finish this one. (To Mordecai) And since you're a guest in our home Mordecai, that rule goes for you too.
[Both groan and sit at the the table and eat a bow of cereal]
Both: Done!
(Rigby opens a new box.)
Rigby: This is it, this is gonna be it!
(Rigby dumps out the cereal and sees no toy.)
Rigby: Man!
(Rigby throws the box to the trash but misses. They turn and look at Sherm.)
Sherm: Don't look at me, look at your cereal.
(Mordecai and Rigby put the cereal in their bowls and sigh and take a bite. After they finish, Rigby opens another box. There isn't a toy, and they eat the next box)
Mordecai and Rigby: Done. (Rigby opens another box with no toy inside. Mordecai and Rigby collapse on the table. Scene cuts to the hospital, where they are laying in beds. Someone puts a bowl of RGB2io's to Mordecai's nose. He smells it and wakes up, repulsed and gagging from it)
Mordecai: Ugh! (He pushes it away)
Agent 1: Works every time.
Rigby: (wakes up) Huh? What's going on? Why does my skin feel like sausage casing?
Agent 2: Oh that's just what happens when you overdose on RGB2io's. A Lot of people don't realize this, but our cereal is borderline poison.
Mordecai: I thought that commercial said 1 in 5 boxes has a toy.
Agent 1: Yes. You just picked the wrong 5 boxes. Now, sign this waiver so we don't get in trouble (Mordecai pulls out a pen. Rigby does as well, and Agent 2 brings him a waiver)
Agent 2: Oh, and you can just have one of these (Pulls out an RGB2 toy) They're basically garbage.
RGB2 Toy: I hoped you saved room for..des..sert (Dies) (Mordecai and Rigby gag, and the flashback ends, going back to them eating the sub)
Mordecai: Yeah, that was a win.
Rigby: Score 1 for us! (snickers) Dude, remember that time with the huge ice cream sundae? (They laugh)
Mordecai: Or how about that bathtub full of mayonnaise?
Rigby: The mega burrito filled with a full buffet?
Benson: Less giggling, more gobbling!
Mordecai: Whatever. Dude, we're like halfway done!
Rigby: Nice! Hey, remember that time in college? I think that was around the same time you sat on a brownie in your white jeans.
(flashback)
Mordecai: Make way for the cram master!
Rigby: (snores) Ow! hey!
Mordecai: Dude, I'm gonna order a pizza!
Rigby: Aww yeah! Pizza! What's the occasion?
Mordecai: Tradition, dude! I've got an Art History exam tomorrow. The night before a big test, I always order a Peparelli's pizza. The grease lubricates the brain so you study better. It's a scientific fact.
Rigby: Oh, I know that place. They give you your pizza for free if you order an Extra-Extra large and eat it in an hour while the delivery guy watches.
Mordecai: Good Idea, dude, Free pizza!
Rigby: Pre-exam-cram pepperoni and ham!
Pizza Guy: That'll be $75.50, please, plus tip, obviously.
Mordecai: We want to do the Paparelli's challenge.
Rigby: Yeah, Yeah!
Pizza Guy: You're funerals, boys. I could use a break, anyway.
Mordecai and Rigby: (Chortle)
(Later, the pizza guy plays a video game while Mordecai and Rigby are tired of eating more pizza)
Mordecai and Rigby: (Groaning)
Mordecai: I'm Dying, I can't eat another bite.
Rigby: (Straining) No, dude, check it. It's all in the technique. This is how Kobayashi does it. (Dips his pizza in his cup of water) You dip it in the water, then you just... shove it... (Shoves down the pizza into his mouth and starts gagging. He drinks his water and then  the water in his mouth in front of Mordecai.)
Mordecai: Dude, no more. I'm gonna barf!
Rigby: Don't say barf!
Pizza Guy: (Holding the TV) Time's up, hollow legs. I'm gonna take your TV as payment.
Mordecai: (Moans and groans)
(Cut to present)
Rigby: (Moaning) Why do we keep doing this?
Benson: Hey, guys, sorry to interrupt, but you have five minutes to finish the sandwich and 10 minutes of sandwich to go. I'll have your personal items shipped back to your parents, since you'll probably be living with them from now on. (Whistling while he walking)
Mordecai: Let's just give up.
Rigby: Dude, you're just gonna go out like a punk? Look how close we are.
Mordecai: Better than exploding because I overate like a goldfish.
Rigby: The stories, dude. They were distracting us from the... From the endless misery of eating this thing. If we can keep this going, I bet we can get through it all and keep our jobs.
Mordecai: But we're out of eating-challenge stories.
Rigby: Whatever, man. Just make something up.
Mordecai: Okay. Remember that time we were... In outer space, uh, on a spaceship?
Rigby: After the earth blew up.
Male Voice: General-purpose nutrition cubes are ready.
Mordecai and Rigby: (Shudders)
Rigby: Have you noticed that ever since they blew up the earth, it's been really hard to find good food?
Mordecai and Rigby: (Ate the cubes) Ugh! Aah!
Mordecai: Blah!
(Explosion)
Male Voice: Warning! Warning! Collision detected. Space junk entangled in landing gear. Manual removal required.
Rigby: Manual? That means one of us to go... out there.
Mordecai: Play you punchies for it.
Rigby: Aah, (imitates Mordecai) "Play you punchies for it". (Rigby leaves the Space Station and gasps after noticing a food truck called "Sandwicci"s Sandwich Truck"). Real Food! (He buys the sandwich, puts it in a frozen organ transport box.)
Mordecai and Rigby: Yeah, yeah, yeah! (They put the sandwich on the microwave) Yeah, yeah, yeah (Microwave beeps)
Rigby: Cut it, cut it, cut it, cut it!
(The cucumber inside of the sandwich slaps Mordecai's hand)
Mordecai: Aah! What the heck?
Rigby: Quit stalling!
(The sandwich disappears)
Mordecai: I'm not!
Mordecai and Rigby: Aah! Where did it go?!
Sandwich: Over here, losers.
(The sandwich man is standing near Mordecai and Rigby with arms and legs. Mordecai and Rigby scream and chase after the sandwich)
Rigby: Hey! Get back here! We're supposed to eat you!
(Mordecai and Rigby leave the Space Station as they continue chasing the sandwich. The duo later find themselves in the park.)
Rigby: Wait, how did we get to the park?
Mordecai: I don't know, just keep running!
(The sandwich enters Pops' House, with Mordecai and Rigby running after it. Upon entering the house, they find themselves in the Snow Mountains. The duo notice the sandwich running up the mountain.)
Rigby: It's too steep. We got it cornered.
(Sandwich monster is grunting while he still running up the mountain)
Rigby: Ah, come on!
(Sandwich monster still running, while Mordecai and Rigby climbed to the mountain then they keep running to catch him, the sandwich monster slide to the snow, Mordecai and Rigby are slide to the snow catching him, The sandwich monster grunting then he falls down)
Mordecai and Rigby: (Screaming)
(The curtain closed)
Rigby: Where'd the curtain come from?!
(They enter inside the curtain)
Rigby: (Point to sandwich monster) There it goes!
(Mordecai opened the curtain it revealed to be the roof)
(They keep running, they stopped)
Mordecai: End of the road, sandwich.
(Thunders crashes)
(It revealed to be Giant Benson's Hand with the Spatula, he flipped the sandwich monster, while the sandwich monster is laughing evilly)
Mordecai and Rigby: What?
(Then the giant Benson's Hand with the spatula pushes Mordecai and Rigby while Mordecai and Rigby are falling, they fall to the water)
Benson: FINISH THAT SANDWICH, OR YOU'RE FIRED!
(They dropped to the hospital)
Mordecai: (Groans)
Mordecai and Rigby: RGB2?
Mordecai: What are you doing here?
RGB2: You're running out of time. You must defeat the sandwich!
Rigby: Yeah, Def eat the sandwich. We're trying! How about giving us a hand?
RGB2: Sorry, I got to save room from so-- (The sandwich monster hits RGB2, the sandwich monster reveals his giant hands and legs)
Sandwich Monster: FOOLS! (He touched Mordecai, and hits Rigby) I TOLD YOU I WAS TOO MUCH SANDWICH FOR YOU! I'm not some lame cheese panini or veggie wrap. I'M THE NUMBER 46! YOU'VE FAILED YOUR LAST EATING CHALLENGE!
Rigby: NOOOOOO!!!!
Sandwich Monster: WHAT?!
Rigby: LET HIM GO! (Bite the bread)
Sandwich Monster: NOOOO!!!! MY ONE WEAKNESS!! BEING EDIBLE!!!
(The two fall, along with the sandwich monster)
Mordecai and Rigby: (Screaming)
(The Sandwich Monster melts)
Mordecai: Gross! What's I doing?
Rigby: It's afraid!
(It turns out a normal sandwich they gasped)
Mordecai and Rigby: The sandwich!
Mordecai: Hurry, before it changes again!
(They cut two pieces and they ate it, it turns out to be present)
Mordecai and Rigby: (Groaning)
Rigby: We... did it!
Mordecai and Rigby: OOOOOOOHHHHHHH!
Benson: Wow! You two you made it! You deserve a reward. Oh, I know! You can break in the New basketball court everyone else made today by running 50 laps on it right now, OR you're fired.
(Mordecai and Rigby gag)
(End of Lunch Break)
