(The Movie starts in "The Future". We see a flying ship is flying towards the Timenado)
Future Rigby: Commander Rigs to home ship. Initiating final Timenado approach.
Future Benson: (Via radio) Right behind you, Commander Rigs.
(A big ship resembling Pops' house comes behind Future Rigby's ship.)
Future Benson: Skips, Muscle Man. Port and starboard guns.
Future Skips and Muscle Man: Yes, admiral.
Future Benson: Pops! You're up top.
Future Pops: Okay.
(They come across ships that are coming their way.)
Future Rigby: Follow my lead!
(Future Rigby’s spaceship and his home ship infiltrate an unknown large spacecraft. People on the unknown spacecraft shoots at them. They land  inside the unknown spacecraft and when future Rigby unboarded his ship, he shoots in defense. Meanwhile, the homeship’s door open for reinforcement.)
Future Benson: Go! Go! Go!
(They shoot some ships and head inside the Timenado base. They get gunned down by troops, and Hi-Five Ghost, in an exo-suit, makes a way for the others to get across and make it to the center of the timenado.)
Future Rigby: C’mon, rangers.
(They reaches the center of the timenado.)
Future Rigby: It's the temporal crystal. Now we destroy it! Skips!
Future Skips: Hm.
(He gets off his hover-bike,bazooka and aims it at the crystal.)
Future Muscle Man: Uh yeah. Good job rangers. Mission objective almost-accomplished. Now to let our guard down for just one second. (He gets shot and killed.)
Future Gang: MUSCLE MAN!!
Future Skips: Huh? (He gets shot as well.)
Future Pops: Over there!
(All the men fire.)
Future Rigby: Take cover!
(Everyone runs for safety. Hi-Five Ghost gets shot.)
Future Rigby: FIVES!!
(They hide behind a box as the troops killed Pops and fire at the barrier.)
Future Mordecai: Ceasefire! Rigby and Benson, you're outnumbered! Dude, you can totally stop this bloodshed! Give up!
Future Rigby: Hey traitor! How's the hand holding up?!
(Mordecai looks at his left hand, which is robotic, gets angry and clenches it into a fist. A warp hole opens and out comes Ross)
Mr. Ross: Ha! Ha! Ha! You might want to listen to your little friend here. While you're still alive.
Future Benson: Go stuff it, Ross!
Future Rigby: Yeah! You to chill out man! Forget all about erasing time business!
Mr. Ross: "Chill out!?" Oh, I think I was pretty chilled out, when I went to prison because of you and Mordecai's little stunt back in high school! But I guess I should thank you for creating this wonderful weapon.
Future Benson: What're you talking about?!
Mr. Ross: Mordecai and Rigby created the Timenado.
Future Benson: What?
Future Rigby: LIAR!
Mr. Ross: Oh, I'm the liar? Ha! That's a good one! Isn't that a good one, Mordecai?!
Future Mordecai: Yeah, hilarious. I know what you did, Rigby! And I'll never forgive you!
Future Rigby: (gasps)
(A flashback begins showing a younger Rigby on his knees.)
Past Mordecai: Dude, I didn't get in.
(Flashback ends)
Future Benson: Commander Rigby!
Future Rigby: It was such a long time ago! I didn't do anything.
Future Benson: I don't need you to tell me what you did. If we get out of here, could you fix it? (Future Rigby nods) Rigby, fix this. That's an order. RAAAAH!!!
Future Rigby: No admiral!
Future Benson: Run! Run! (Starts shooting forces) This one's for Pops! And Skips! And Muscle Man! And Fives!
(Mr. Ross hits a volleyball bomb at Benson and it blows up and Benson dies)
Future Rigby: (crying) Stupid! STUPID!
(He gets inside his ship and then he takes off, as a blue ship goes after him. Now cut to Future Rigby's ship, Future Rigby is preparing for time travel)
Ship computer: Time circuits on.
Future Rigby: Take me back to high school! Gotta fix this!
Ship computer: Calculating time jump.
(Then Future Mordecai's ship shows up and aims his gun at Future Rigby)
Future Mordecai: Stop that ship in the name of Lord Ross!
Future Rigby: What happened to you, man? How can you work for him!?
Future Mordecai: I couldn't stay at the park forever! I have to think of my career!
Future Rigby: How about your friends?
Future Mordecai: We're not friends! We haven't been friends for a long time!
(The the Time button shows up)
Ship computer: Course, plotted.
Future Mordecai: Press that button and I will shoot you!
Future Rigby: Hey Mordecai! GO AHEAD!
(Future Rigby presses the Time warp button, Future Mordecai and Rigby fire each other as Rigby's ship goes faster)
(The movie opening begins, it references various video games)
(At the present day, We see Mordecai and Rigby moving towards each other)
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: (rapping) Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat's up, Eileen? You're the queen of the coffee beans! Spill them up, fill them up! Can't start the day without a cup!
Eileen: You know you could just ask for a refill like normal people.
(Mordecai and Rigby laugh.)
Eileen: What's up, though? I've never seen you guys here this early?
Mordecai: Breakfast burritos from the truck outside.
Rigby: (Shows her the bag) Best Burritos in the city! It's the name of the place, but it's actually pretty good.
Eileen: Nah, I've never subscribed to order a food from a vehicle. What time are you guys suppose to be at work though?
Mordecai: (Looks at the clock) Oh, no!
(They run out of the coffee shop and hops on the cart. Mordecai tries to the cart but it's out of gas.)
Mordecai: Dude! I thought you said you gassed up the cart!
Rigby: Hmm. Yeah, what I meant was, "I didn't gas up the cart let's go get breakfast burritos". (Mordecai punches Rigby.) OW!
Mordecai: Would it kill you to tell the truth every once in a while?
(Mordecai grabs the burrito bag and runs away.)
Rigby: Wait! Where are you going?!
Mordecai: Come on. We can't be late again!
(Rigby runs.)
(In the office Benson picks up his clipboard and walks off. In the park, Benson walks to Skips' house. Skips is meditating inside his home. Benson knocks then opens the door.)
Benson: Meeting at 10, Skips.
Skips: Hmm.
(Skips nods; Mordecai and Rigby run into traffic, then Mordecai jumps over a car, but Rigby can't jump over it, so he went in through the car.)
Guy: Hey! What the...?
Rigby: It's a free country!
(Back at the park, Benson walks to Muscle Man and Hi-Five Ghost's trailer. Muscle Man and Hi-Five Ghost are watching a puppet show on their TV while eating cereal. Benson opens the door.)
Benson: Hey, guys. Meeting in 8. (sniffs air) Ugh! (closes the door)
Muscle Man: He-he-he-he. You know who else has a meeting in 8? My Mom!
(He and Fives laugh and they high five. Back in the city, Mordecai and Rigby are still running, but Rigby suddenly gets a cramp. Rigby stops running.)
Rigby: OWW!! Cramp! Cramp!
Mordecai: Power through it, dude!
(Rigby powers through his cramp and continues running; Benson walks upstairs and in Pops' room, he moves his hands up and down in front of his face in his mirror while he's laughing.)
Benson: Meeting in 5, Pops.
Pops: Oh, jolly good show!
(In the city, a fun run is happening, and Mordecai and Rigby are running past it; Mordecai gets a cup of water to drink. Rigby is exhausted and lands on the table, breaking the table in half and spilling the water cups, then Mordecai comes back and picks Rigby up)
Mordecai: Get up. Come on!
(Benson walks in the hallway to Mordecai and Rigby's room.)
Benson: (Benson knocks at the door.) Mordecai, Rigby. Meeting in... (He opens the door to see nothing; sighs) Of course. (closes the door.)
(Mordecai and Rigby, exhausted, keep running into the park.)
Rigby: Wait! Wait!
(Everyone is at the meeting, Benson looks at his clipboard and hears Mordecai and Rigby running towards him.)
Mordecai: Wait! Wait!
Rigby: We're here! We're here!
(They breathe in exhaustion.)
Mordecai: We made it... we made it on time! (both high-five)
Benson: Uhh, yeah. You're not on time, (Turns red) because the morning meeting's already OVER!!
Mordecai: Sorry, Benson! We would have been here sooner, but the cart ran out of gas!
Muscle Man: (To Mordecai) You know who doesn't run out of gas?
Benson: (Firmly) Leave!
(Muscle Man and High-Five Ghost gasp. Both stood up to leave but they ended up bumping to each other. They ran away. Skips and Pops stand up to leave.)
Skips: (To Mordecai and Rigby) Good luck, fellas.
Pops: (To Mordecai and Rigby) Bad show.
Benson: (To Mordecai and Rigby) You know, you can't just walk into work whenever you feel like it. We have rules here. And when you break the rules, you’re gonna pay the consequences! Wait... pay the consequences or face the consequences?
Mordecai: Face the consequences.
Benson: Face the consequences!!! (lift two sheets of pink papers)
Mordecai: What are those?
Benson: These are pink slips. One with your name on it, and one with yours on it, and now it's time for me to say the word I've been waiting to say for a long time...(turns red) YOOOOUUUU'RE FIRED!!!!!
(Mordecai and Rigby gasp)
Mordecai: No, Benson! You can't!
Rigby: Yeah, we got a good excuse!
Benson: Oh really, what's that?
Rigby: (holds up the bag, now with Benson's name on it) We got you breakfast burritos.
Benson: What?
Rigby: You know, just to say we're sorry for messing up at work all the time, right Mordecai?
Mordecai: Uh, yeah.
Rigby: (Sing-Song Voice) Best Burritos in the city.
(Later Mordecai and Rigby are scraping white paint off the stairs.)
Mordecai: Dude that was awesome! When did you write his name on the back?
Rigby: Pretty much the whole time he's talking. The old writing-notes-behind-the-back trick. Mastered that one back in high school.
Mordecai: Ha yeah. The only flaw in your plan is now I'm starving.
Rigby: Yeah, me too. You wanna sneak off and get some food?
Mordecai: Nah, Benson's been watching us this whole time.
(They see Benson staring at them while eating the breakfast burrito.)
Rigby: I think we're gonna have to ride this out until dinner.
Mordecai: Pfft, yeah, right. If we have to go that long before taking a break, then I'm gonna start looking for another job.
Rigby: Yeah, right. You wouldn't leave the park.
Mordecai: I don't know dude, I'm just saying.
(The camera moves up to the sky, then a meteor came out of nowhere and starts heading towards the park. As it heads towards the house, Muscle Man chainsaws a tree with Hi Five Ghost watching, Skips opens a sprinkler box and Pops is cutting a flower with a pair of scissors as his shadow moves and he turns to see the meteor. Scene cuts back to Mordecai and Rigby continuing to scrape paint off the steps)
Mordecai: It's not like we can just keep working at the park forever, you know.
Rigby: Whatever, you said that now. Ugh!
Mordecai: I don't know, man, but I just think it's something we really should be...
(Rigby sees the meteor heading towards them, backs up and runs away)
Rigby: RUN!!!!
(Mordecai sees Rigby running away.)
Mordecai: Dude, you can't run away from the future!
(He turns to see the meteor, backs up and runs away, then the meteor crashes the top of the house and lands on the ground, moving towards them, as Mordecai and Rigby are still running, Mordecai pushes Rigby aside to escape from the meteor, then the meteor comes to a stop next to a sprinkler, then all of the sprinklers go off, putting out the fire from the meteor, making it sizzle.)
Mordecai: Get off, dude.
(He pushes Rigby off, gets up and see the meteor unconsciously, then two golf carts appear.)
Skips: You guys alright?
Muscle Man: WHOOOOOOO!!!!! That was AWESOME!
Benson: (Shocked, turns red) What did you DO?!
Rigby: It wasn't us!
(Mordecai coughing)
Mordecai: Yeah, that meteor came out of nowhere.
Hi-Five Ghost: Uh, I don't think that's a meteor, guys.
(They all turn around, then the steam disappears to reveal the spaceship.)
Rigby: Whoa!
Pops: It looks like some sort of vehicle.
Rigby: A spaceship. (He goes to the spaceship.) There's gotta be a door somewhere.
Benson: Rigby, no, get away from there!
(Benson, Mordecai and the others come to the back of the spaceship.)
Mordecai: Dude, what are you doing?
Rigby: Relax, I just wanna check it out. (The hatch steam appears, scaring him) Ahhhh!!
(He runs back towards everyone, then the spaceship door starts to open.)
Muscle Man: (freaking out) I can't be abducted, bros! I'm probe sensitive!
(Future Rigby pulls himself out with his hand, falls down and lands on the ground.)
Rigby: (clueless) That's a weird-looking alien.
Mordecai: Dude, he looks like you.
Benson: Yeah, but way cooler.
Future Rigby: Help.
(The heroes help him up and they see a wound on his chest.)
Mordecai: Oh, geez.
Benson: That doens't look good. That's not good, right?
Skips: Uh-uh.
Mordecai: Who are you?
Future Rigby: It's me, Rigby. I've traveled back from the future to seek your help.
Muscle Man: But how can you be Rigby?! You look so awesome!
Future Rigby: Thanks. I really grew into it. (coughs) The universe is on the verge of being destroyed. And it's all because you tried to make a time machine in high school.
Mordecai and Rigby: What?
Benson: What is he talking about? How can that be? Rigby, what did you do?
Rigby: What? Nothing!
Benson: Oh yeah, I'm sure.
Muscle Man: Is this for real right now!?
Pops: But I like the universe.
Future Rigby: STOP TALKING! (groans) That failed time machine was the genesis of a massive Timenado.
Mordecai and Rigby: A Timenado?
Benson: A Time-what?
Skips: Timenado, a tornado that can travel through space in time. Come on, Benson, keep up.
Mordecai: Wait, wait, but I thought we just blew up the science lab.
Future Rigby: That's what I thought too, but it turns out what we did created something far more destructive. (He press the button to show everyone the image of the Timenado) The Timenado is the phenomena of great power. It's terminal energy creates portals through time. Normally harmless, but now it's been harnessed and weaponized by a mad-man called Ross.
Rigby: Mr. Ross? Our old teacher?
Future Rigby: The one and only. Ross is using the Timenado to suck up Earth's timeline. Entire pieces of the future is being erased. Portals starts appearing one after the other. Ripping through the fabric of time until nothing is left. Years, whole decades gone in an instant. The Intergalactic Park Rangers have been trying to stop it to no avail. Mordecai and Rigby, you need to go back in time to stop us from trying to make that time machine, or all of time will be erased.
Rigby: Well, why us?
Mordecai: Yeah, why don't you go back and stop it?
Future Rigby: I was trying to, but getting shot kind of changed the plan.
Skips: What happened? Who shot you?
(Future Rigby lifts up his arm as it moves to and points at Mordecai.)
Future Rigby: Him.
(Everyone gasps.)
Rigby:(furious) You shot me?!
Mordecai: What? No, I didn't do anything.
Muscle Man: Woah, you guys stop being friends?
(Everyone mumbles)
Future Rigby: Rigby, come here. (Rigby comes to him) Closer. (He grabs Rigby to get him closer.) Don't... (coughs)
Rigby: Aw, man!
Future Rigby: Don't make the same mistake I did. (coughs)
Rigby: Dude, come on.
Future Rigby: You have to tell the truth, even if it means losing Mordecai. It's the only way to save the universe.
(Future Rigby dies. The scene fades to the living room where his body is covered by a blanket on the table; Benson is pacing back and forth.)
Benson: This is crazy... It's crazy! What was he talking about? Time being destroyed?! I... I-I-I-I...
Skips: Why don't you tell us about this time machine?
Mordecai: Well, all we wanted after school is to go to College U together... but Rigby got in and I didn't. So we tried to build a time machine to fix it, but it exploded and destroyed the whole science lab.
Muscle Man: Whoa! Wait, Rigby got accepted and you were rejected? But Rigby doesn't know anything about anything!
Rigby: Hey! 
Muscle Man: You must've really tanked on that college essay.
Mordecai: Pfft! Yeah, who knows? We both got expelled, and our science teacher Mr. Ross got fired. Rigby didn't graduate and lost his scholarship to College University, and I ended up just going to junior college. Rigby crashed with me in my dorm. I dropped out of college, and then we loafed around for a bit, we got this job at the park--
Skips: Okay, okay, I think we're caught up, Monologue Johnson.
Pops: I don't understand. How can Mordecai and Rigby stop being friends?
Hi Five Ghost: If they can't make it, then you and me have no chance!
Muscle Man: Yeah, bro. What was the future you saying about you having to tell the truth or something? Did Mordo blow you away over some crazy secret?
Rigby: Uh... what? No... I-I don't know! It must be something that happens in the future.
Benson: This can't be happening. This has to be a prank. This has to be a prank! Muscle Man, I won't even be mad at you if you just tell me you're orchestrating all of this.
Muscle Man: Bro, I'm somewhat flattered that you think my craft is at this level, but ultimately I'm deeply offended that A, you'd think I'd put my buds through this turmoil, and B, that you'd think I'd listen to orchestra music!! (He leaves the house.)
Benson: Well, I don't know what you guys are trying pull with all this-
Rigby: Dude, if we wanted to get out of work, we'd just play video games.
Mordecai: I think this is for real, man.
Benson: Skips, come on.
Skips: I have a feeling we should take this seriously.
Benson: WHAT!? How can we even know if this thing is really from the future?
Muscle Man: Guys! Check out this sweet future gun I found in that ship! (Laughs and runs back out.) WHOOOOO!!
Rigby: Cool!
Mordecai: Awesome!
Benson: Muscle Man, no! Wait!
(Outside, Muscle Man is in the ship's landing path, pretending to fire the gun. Benson comes out of the house and approaches everyone by his car.)
Benson: Muscle Man, put that down before you break it!
Muscle Man: Chill, bro, I don't think it works. (sees a power button) Oh, wait.
(He presses the power button, which the gun shoots at Benson's car and destroys it.)
Mordecai and Rigby: Woah!!
Muscle Man: WHOOOO!!!! This baby's legit!
Mordecai: We gotta go.
Rigby: We gotta go.
Mordecai: We're going. (to Skips) Skips, wanna help save the universe?
Skips: I'm in.
Rigby: Muscle Man? Fives?
Muscle Man: You know it, bro.
Hi Five Ghost: Yeah, for sure.
Mordecai: Pops?
Pops: Anything to help you two out of a pickle jar.
Mordecai: Okay, three minutes, everyone. Grab some supplies and meet back at the ship.
Benson: (Looking at his now-destroyed car) My car. I just paid it off.
Rigby: Hey, Benson, painting the steps is gonna have to wait, gotta go save the universe.
Skips: Benson, come on. We don't have much time.
Benson: But I just bought a new air freshener.
(Muscle Man gets food out of the fridge and get out, Benson get his clipboard and pens and kick his drawer close, and Pops gets his seat pillow, Skips gets the walkie talkies, Hi Five Ghost looks for what boots to wear, Rigby messes with his dead future self and poses a hi-five and thumbs up position. He then hi-fives him. Mordecai gets and puts on sunglasses.)
(Cut to inside the ship, as everyone is ready to go)
Benson: (to Mordecai as he adjusts Benson's seat belt) Make it tighter. Tighter!
Skips: Huh. Hey guys! Who's gonna fly this thing?
(Mordecai and Rigby come up and look at the video game control steering wheel)
Mordecai and Rigby: Wooooaaahhhhh!!
Rigby: It's just like....
Mordecai: All the controls are...
(They look at each other and they play Rock, Paper Scissors.)
Mordecai and Rigby: One, two, three! One, two, three! One, two, three!
Rigby: OOOHHH!!!
Mordecai: Augh, we should've played Punchies.
Rigby: Ha ha ha ha ha!
Benson: Wait, Rigby's driving? He doesn't even have a license!
Rigby: Come to Papa. (He presses a green button, which starts up the ship.)
Ship computer: Welcome back, Lieutenant Rigby and Galactic Park Rangers. (The rockets start up as the ship begins to ascend.)
Pops: (laughs) We're flying!
Muscle Man: (Swinging his shirt over his head) Whoo! Whoooo! Wait. Where's my stash? Where's my stash? Oh no, bro. (His stash of food is shown on the outside, then falls off. Inside, the monitor reads "May 28, 6 years 4 months.)
Ship computer: Calculating time route, May 28, 6 years and 4 months into the past. (A panel opens, revealing a button that says "Time Warp".)
Rigby: Bingo. Hold on to your butts!
Benson: What, what'd he say? (The ship takes off and exits the timeline. Everyone screams as ships pass by. Rigby looks back and sees the Timenado base. The computer reads the date again and the ship dives back into the timeline.)
(Cut to West Anderson High school in the past, where inside the past version of Rigby puts a book in his locker, as the past version of Mordecai walks in)
Past Mordecai: Hey, dude. I've heard they started sending out letters for College U. Did you think we got in?
Past Rigby: Yeah man. Everyone gets in to that school, that's why we applied. Dude, we're going to College U!!
Past Mordecai and Rigby: WHHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAA!
Past Rigby: Our lives rule.
(Jablonski pushes him on his locker with his arm)
Jablonski: Well, well, well, if it isn't the State Championship Ruiner. You cost us the game, State Championship Ruiner!
Past Mordecai: Dude, it was an accident.
Jablonski: Stay out of this, Mordecai! This is between me and Volleyball State Championship Ruiner McGee.
Past Rigby: (shoving Jablonski) Whatever, Jablonski! I told you that wasn't me!
Jablonski: Oh, yeah?! We got proof!
(He snaps his fingers, a volleyball member brings out a TV to the hallway, the other member hands him a remote, turns on the TV and it shows him and his team playing against the Riverdale Team at the volleyball state championship game while Past Mr. Ross is watching, but he, the two teams and the crowd hears and turns to Past Rigby who is interrupting the game by playing a note on his saxophone)
Past Rigby: (in the video) Thank you!
(One Riverdale team member hits the volleyball on the West Anderson team's side, the whistle blows, and the crowd starts cheering when the Riverdale team had won the state championship game while the West Anderson team look sad and Past Mr. Ross is shocked about this)
Past Mr. Ross: (in the video) RIGBY!!!!
(The TV is turned off.)
Jablonski: See?
Past Rigby: Could've been anybody.
(Jablonski shoves Past Rigby, then Past Mordecai shoves Jablonski, then one member shoves Past Mordecai, then Past Rigby pushes the member, then the member pushes Past Rigby.)
Principal Dean: What's going on here?!
Jablonski: Oh, Principal Dean. We were just helping Rigby with his homework. Everyone knows he's not doing so hot in school when it comes to the studies, right?
Principal Dean: This isn't The Francis Jablonski Show! Now get to class, all of you!
(Jablonski and the volleyball team go to their classrooms.)
Past Rigby: Francis... (snickers)
Principal Dean: You, save your laughs, because Mr. Ross needs to talk to you ASAP.
Past Rigby: What, why?
Principal Dean: I don't know, something about you failing science or something. Just go talk to him. (He walks away.) I don't think this school can handle another Year of the Rigby!
(The scene cuts to the park in the past, then the spaceship comes out and is out of control while Rigby is still taking the wheel while everyone else is screaming, then the spaceship lands on a spot in the park, then the scene cuts to Past Muscle Man using a detector while listening to music on his cassette player and an explosion is seen and Past Muscle Man is not hearing the explosion, then the scene cuts back to the spaceship in a crater, then everyone groans)
Benson: Why did Rigby have to drive?
Mordecai: Is everyone okay?
Muscle Man: (off-screen) Yeah, I'm okay.
Rigby: Yeah.
Ship's computer: Engine damage critical.
Rigby: That's not good.
Mordecai: Skips, can you fix it?
Skips: I'll take a look. (to Muscle Man) Muscle Man, give me a hand.
(The spaceship door opens)
Benson: Looks like the coast is clear.
Mordecai: Race you to the top.
(Benson sighs as everyone gets out of the spaceship and Mordecai, Rigby, Benson and Pops climbed up the crater and sees the house)
Mordecai and Rigby: Woah.
(Mordecai gets a pair of binoculars and sees the gang in the past and he moves to Past Benson with his mullet)
Mordecai: (chuckles) We're definitely in the past.
(Rigby grabs the binoculars and sees Past Benson's mullet)
Rigby: (chuckles) Yeah.
Benson: What's so funny?
Mordecai: Good question. We'll have to mullet over. (He and Rigby chuckle) Okay, okay, we're not far from the high school. Let's go destroy the time machine.
(He, Rigby, Benson and Pops to get to the high school)
Benson: Tell me what's so funny.
(Cut to West Anderson High and to the gym where the students are playing volleyball and Past Mr. Ross, Mordecai and Rigby are standing there)
Past Mr. Ross: Hup, hai. (throws a volleyball at Schwartzman) Come on, Schwartzman! (touches his elbow twice) Platform, platform! (He takes off his gym glasses and puts on his science glasses) Look, Rigby, you're terrible at science. That's why you're failing and probably won't graduate.
Past Rigby: (sad-toned) What?
Past Mr. Ross: Ooh, come on, bring it, bring it. (Wally, hits the volleyball to another student, who blocks it) Oooohh! Look at them hops, Wally! Nice! Let's hit the showers, gentlemen.
(Past Rigby starts crying and Past Mordecai looks at him and looks away)
Past Mr. Ross: Aw, Rigby, come on. Don't cry on my court. I wasn't finished. Principal Dean is forcing me to let you do a last-minute science project to pass. So there.
Past Rigby: (stops crying) Really? OOOOOOHHHHHHH!!! (starts dancing) I'm gonna graduate! I'm gonna graduate!
(Past Mordecai joins the dance, but they stop as a buzzer sound is heard and Past Mr. Ross and his students are leaving the court)
Past Rigby: Oh, wait! (Runs after Past Mr. Ross with Past Mordecai in the hallway) Mr. Ross! Mr. Ross! Uh, what kind of science project?
Past Mr. Ross: Uh, no. If you wanna graduate, you have to come up with something on your own, Rigby.
Past Rigby: Well, could you just give me an example?
Past Mr. Ross: Augh! Fine! You're the worst!
(Past Mr. Ross closes and locks the door of the science lab, closes the shutters, unlocks a cabinet from his desk and places a time machine on his desk)
Past Mr. Ross: This is a project I'm working on.
Past Mordecai and Rigby: Cool.
Past Rigby: What is it?
Past Mr. Ross: A time machine.
Past Mordecai and Rigby: (wide-eyed) Woah!
Past Rigby: Does it work?
Past Mr. Ross: Soon. It's pretty complex. It's like when you try and make artisanal bread, but a thousand times more complicated. You guys wanna see something even cooler?
(Scene cuts to the storage room where Past Mr. Ross unlocks and opening a radioactive box with plutonium inside it. Past Mr. Ross, Mordecai and Rigby are in protective suits)
Past Mordecai and Rigby: Woah!
Past Mr. Ross: Yep. Grade-A plutonium. One stick of this in my time machine, and I'll be time traveling like that guy in that movie about time traveling. (laughing as he closes the radioactive box, then he closes the storage door)
Past Mordecai and Rigby: (taking off their protective suits) So what are you gonna do when you're finished with your time machine, Mr. Ross?
Past Mr. Ross: Two things: go back and win the Volleyball State Championship, duh. And then... Get revenge.
Past Mordecai and Rigby: (laughing)
Past Rigby: And that's why you're the coolest, Mr. Ross.
Past Mr. Ross: (laughs) I'm glad you think so. You'd probably change your mind if you knew who I was getting revenge on.
Past Mordecai and Rigby: (laughs) Yeah.
Past Mr. Ross: Here. (Gives his keys to Past Rigby) Just make a science project sometime this afternoon, and I'll pass you.
Past Rigby: Okay. Thanks, Mr. Ross
Past Mordecai: Aw, yeah! (He high fives Past Rigby)
Past Mordecai and Rigby: (chanting) College U! College U!
Past Mordecai: College who?
Past Rigby: Me and you!
(They both laugh and leave the science lab)
Past Mr. Ross: You're welcome. (laughs evilly, then coughs and resumes)
(Scene cuts to outside of the school as the school bell rings where Mordecai, Rigby, Pops and Benson are hiding behind the bushes)
Pops: How are we going to get in and destroy the time machine?
Benson: We're going to need to blend in, Pops.
Pops: Ooh, like a smoothie?
Benson: Yeah. (He sees Jablonski and his teammates as girls adore them and Jablonski and his teammate high five and the boys and girls walk away, leaving the boys' two jackets on a bench) Hello. Smoothie time.
Mordecai: Benson, no, wait!
(Scene cuts back to the inside of the school where Benson and Pops are wearing Jablonski and his teammate's jackets and sunglasses to look cool with Mordecai and Rigby looking worried. The girls look at Benson, Pops, Mordecai and Rigby and giggle.)
Rigby: Benson, the VBJs hate us here. You can't wear those.
Benson: VB-what?
Mordecai: Volleyball Jocks.
Benson: Volleyball? Pfft. Just play it cool, guys.
(They continue to walk through the hallway until they made it to the science lab door)
Rigby: There's the lab. Come on.
(Mordecai tries to open the door, but it's locked)
Mordecai: It's locked.
Benson: Move. (He struggles to open the door) Come on, open! We have to save the universe! (The students hear him pounding the door)
Rigby: Benson, stop! I know where the key is. Mr. Ross gave it to our younger selves.
Mordecai: It's lunchtime. We're probably at Paparelli's.
(Jablonski and his team approached at them)
Jablonski: Hey! What are you doing with out jackets, huh?! Hey, Mordecai and Rigby, do you know these clowns?
Mordecai and Rigby: No.
Jablonski: Wait, are you guys wearing old-person make-up?
Mordecai and Rigby: RUN! (they retreat)
Mordecai: Meet at Paparelli's!
Benson: What?
Jablonski: (touching Benson and Pops' shoulders) Hold it! (throws Benson and Pops against the lockers)
Benson: Woah, woah! Take it easy, guys. (laughs nervously) Sorry about the mix-up. (He and Pops take off Jablonski and his teammate's jackets) We have jackets just like these, right, Pops?
Pops: Yes. Our jackets are crimson-colored as well.
Jablonski: Your jackets are red, too? What are you, from Riverdale?
Schwartzman: Yeah, I bet they're from Riverdale.
Volleyball Jock: Looks like we got ourselves a couple of 'Daleys! (laughs)
Benson: No, no. We're not from Riverdale.
Jablonski: How about we show them what we're going to do Riverdale at next year's state finals?
Volleyball Jock: Yeah, let's show 'em! (laughs as he runs up to Pops and hits him in the head as a volleyball)
Jablonski: Set me up, Schwartzman!
Benson: No, no, don't set him up!
(Schwartzman sets Benson up as he's flying in mid-air and Jablonski jumps up and hits him in the head as a volleyball and Benson is heading towards the locker)
Benson: (in slow-motion) We're not from Riverdale!
(Benson hits the locker, then the scene cuts to black, then it fades into the inside of the engine control unit. Skips opens the hatch, looks at it and shakes his head.)
Skips: Hmm.
(Muscle Man throws a rock at a soda can)
Muscle Man: Yes! (Skips comes up to them) What's the damage, Doc?
Skips: Too early to tell. I gotta get my tools. Just stay here and guard the ship. (He climbs out of the crater to get his tools)
Muscle Man: Don't worry, Skips, we're not going anywhere. I gotta use it.
Hi-Five Ghost: Yeah, me too.
Muscle Man: This thing's gotta have a bathroom, right? (They go into the ship and they find a bathroom.) Bingo.
(He puts the gun on a hanger, presses a button, then a door opens to see nothing inside.)
Muscle Man: What the-? Where's the toilet?
(A scanner scans Muscle Man, then a space toilet appears and opens a vacuum tube.)
Muscle Man and Hi-Five Ghost: Uhh...
(The vacuum tube starts and Muscle Man and Hi-Five Ghost started screaming as Muscle Man tries to escape, but the vacuum tube sucks all of Muscle Man's clothes.)
Muscle Man: Forget this, I'm going in the bushes!
Hi-Five Ghost: You said it!
(A truck pulls up to the ship, then Past Muscle Man and Hi-Five Ghost pull off their glasses to see the spaceship.)
Past Muscle Man: Woah, bro. Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Past Muscle Man and Hi-Five Ghost: Crash Pit!
(Cut to Past Rigby riding on his bike and Past Mordecai skateboarding to Paparelli's.)
Past Mordecai and Rigby: Lunchtime!
(They go inside the restaurant)
Past Mordecai: Paparelli's get in my belly.
Past Rigby: Pizza and arcade, lunch hour's got it made! What's up, Gino?
Gino: Ah, my two favorite worst customers who never buy anything. Hey, you two staying out of trouble?
Past Mordecai and Rigby: Yeah.
Gino: You know why you two are my favorite? You remind me of myself and my old best friend, Ricky. We were inseparable. Well, until we went to different colleges. Now he's dead.
Past Mordecai and Rigby: (gasp)
Gino: To me. He's dead to me. He runs a competing pizzeria in Riverdale. That piece of trash stole my sauce recipe! Ugh, never mind. Here, take a slice.
Past Mordecai and Rigby: Thanks, Gino.
Past Mordecai: Dude, we can't let that happen to us. You gotta graduate. You figure out what you're gonna do for that project?
Past Rigby: I don't know, I was just thinking about putting my name on a bunch of fireworks and launching them at the principal's car. That's science, right?
Past Mordecai: No, dude.
Past Rigby: Okay, well, something else really awesome. I'll think of something.
(They walk into the arcade and see a game named "Galactic Runner 2")
Past Rigby: Oh, what?! Galactic Runner 2!
(They run up to the game)
Past Mordecai: This must have just come out. This wasn't here yesterday.
Past Rigby: You got a quarter?
Past Mordecai: (sighs) Yeah.
(Mordecai and Rigby look at their past selves)
Rigby: Dude, it's us.
Mordecai: Pfft, I still can't get over how lame your bleached hair was.
Rigby: Shut up, it was cool! So, what's the plan?
Mordecai: Okay, so we just need them to get them to let us into the science lab, and then we can get to the time machine and destroy it.
Rigby: Okay, yeah, we'll just tell them we're here to help them. Oh, wait, do you think talking to ourselves is gonna screw up time, or anything? What if we explode or implode or something?
Mordecai: Shoot. No, wait. But future you came and talked to you and nothing happened.
Rigby: Well, he died.
Mordecai: Yeah, but that was only because I shot you.
Rigby: Oh, yeah.
(Past Mordecai and Rigby are playing Galactic Runner 2)
Past Rigby: Dude, dude, dude, get it, get it!
Past Mordecai: I got it. Worry about your guy. Quit mashing the buttons.
Mordecai: We got next. (Places his quarter on the bottom of the screen)
Past Mordecai: Pfft. Well we might be a while.
Rigby: Better watch out for that alien ship.
Past Rigby: What alien ship?
(A huge alien ship appears and zaps the two spaceship players.)
Past Mordecai and Rigby: Augh!!!
Past Rigby: Man, that came out of nowehre. Augh!
Mordecai: You gotta take the hidden warp to Level 2 to bypass the ship.
Past Rigby: How do you know that?
Rigby: We've had a couple years to master it.
Past Mordecai: But this game's brand new.
Mordecai: Not when you're from the future.
(He and Rigby lower down their glasses to reveal themselves which shocks Past Mordecai and RIgby.)
Past Mordecai: Woah, what?!
Mordecai: Yeah, man, it's me.
Past Rigby: How is this possible? (Rigby shows him his glasses.)
Past Mordecai: Dude, wasn't Mr. Ross building a time machine?
Rigby: None of that is important right now. We're just here to help--
Past Mordecai: (serious) Wait, how do we know you're who you say you are?
Past Rigby: (serious) Yeah, if you're really us from the future, what's on the back of his deck? (Points at Past Mordecai's skateboard)
Mordecai: Oh, a dumb drawing of our made-up character, Señor Sensei.
(Past Mordecai and Rigby look at the back of his skateboard to reveal their drawing of Señor Sensei.)
Past Mordecai and Rigby: WOOOOAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
Mordecai and Rigby: WOOOOAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!
Past Mordecai: So why are you guys here?
Past Rigby: Do you need us to help save the universe or something?
Rigby: Pfft, no. We're to help you finish your science project!
Past Rigby: Woah, really? (To past Mordecai) Sweet, dude, more help!
Mordecai: Yeah, it's, uh, pretty important that you  graduate.
Past Rigby: (gasps) Did I get into College U?
Rigby: Yeah, we totally got in, man!
Past Rigby: Whooo!! Yeah!! (laughs)
Past Mordecai: Awesome! (To Mordecai) What about me, did I get in too?
Mordecai Uh, I wouldn't wanna ruin the surprise.
Past Mordecai: Yeah!!
Past Rigby: Ha, ha, awesome!
Mordecai: So, uh, we should probably get going to that lab, right?
Past Rigby: Wait, but I still don't know what to do for my project!
Rigby: Oh, just, uh... (Looks at a volcano on the side of an arcade game, then a waitress carrying chocolate Jell-O and a boy spitting up soda on a table) Just build a volcano, that's what I did.
Past Rigby: Okay! Building a volcano with my future bros!
Past Mordecai, Past Rigby, Mordecai and Rigby: WOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!! (Scene changes to the science lab where Past and Present Mordecai and Rigby have finished the volcano.) WOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
(Past Rigby places a paper on a desk and starts writing a letter to Mr. Ross) 
Past Rigby: "Thanks for the extra credit. I lava science" Hmm, hmm "Rigby". Hehehehe.
Past Mordecai: Dude, you spelt your name wrong.
(Past Rigby sees the letter and his name doesn't have a "B" on it)
Past Rigby: (briefly growls as he places a "B" between the "g" and the "y".) There. Can't even notice.
Rigby: Don't worry, man. I misspell my name all the time.
Past Rigby: See? Anyone can make that mistake.
Past Mordecai: Yeah, but you're the same- never mind. So what's happening with you guys?
Mordecai: Uh, we're gonna disappear back to the future.
Rigby: Yeah, but we can't do it with you watching.
Past Mordecai: Cool.
Past Rigby: Thanks for the help, guys. You saved my butt. Time to celebrate!
(He places the letter on the volcano)
Past Mordecai: Graduation, here we come. Thanks again, dudes!
Past Rigby: Later!
(They leave the science lab and closed the door)
Mordecai: Come on.
(The look through the cabinets on Past Mr. Ross' desk to find the time machine until they found it)
Mordecai: Here it is.
(He places the time machine on the desk, Mordecai grabs Past Mr. Ross' desk plaque and Rigby grabs a "Heavy Metals" book)
Mordecai: Ready?
Rigby: Ready.
(They smash the time machine with the desk plaque and book until the time machine is completely destroyed and dropped the desk plaque and book onto the time machine)
Mordecai and Rigby: Universe saved! (they high five)
(Benson and Pops come in, looking beaten up, come to the time machine and pound it with their hands)
Benson and Pops: Universe saved! (they high five)
Mordecai: Uh, yeah. We did it already.
Benson: Did you already get spiked in the head like a volleyball too?! 'CAUSE THAT HAPPENED!
Rigby: We told you to run.
Benson: A little late, Rigby!
Pops: Guys, can we please just get out of here? I don't want those volley fellows coming back.
Benson: You're right, Pops. Well, I suppose you guys actually came through for once. Good job.
Mordecai: Yeah, we did!
Mordecai and Rigby: (as they leave the science lab) WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
Pops: Good show! (laughs)
Benson: (groans)
(The camera pans to the window where Mr. Ross is watching)
Mr. Ross: Nice try, fellas. But soon it'll be time to set the game-winning spike. (laughs evilly, then coughs) I should probably get that checked out. (laughs evilly again as he goes into a portal and it closes)
(Scene cuts to later in the park, and Muscle Man and Fives climb up back to the carter)
Muscle Man: Alright, now to get to back to doing what we do best, guarding a space ship that our only hope to get back hooooome. (The ship is gone.) Is this the right crater?
(The van shows up, and Skips get out and finds out the ship is gone)
Skips: What did you do?
Muscle Man: Nothing, Skips. Honest. We just went to the bathroom real quick, and when we came back, the ship was gone!
Skips: The ship doesn't even work, how can it be gone?! AND WHY ARE YOU NAKED?!
Muscle Man: You know what? I'll... I'll go over there!
Skips: (sighs) How in the world can this happen? (he finds Past Muscle Man's shirt and reads the font on it) "I Ate From the Trash at Paparelli's."
Hi-Five Ghost: Hey Muscle Man, didn't you had a shirt like that, six years ago?
Muscle Man: Yeah. (realizes something) Oh no, bro!
(Cut to the crash pit, as it zooms out to the top, as the truck is about to drive into the pit, driven by Past Muscle Man and Hi-Five Ghost.)
Past Muscle Man: We've crash a lot of things in this crash pit over the years. But I have a feeling, this is gonna be the best.
Past Hi-Five Ghost: You know it, bro!
(They hi-five each other, as they drive, and then Past Muscle Man sees Muscle Man jumps on top of the van.)
Past Muscle Man: What the-?
(Muscle Man jumps to the back of the truck.)
Past Muscle Man: Take the wheel, Fives.
(Past Hi-Five Ghost takes the wheel, and Past Muscle Man climbs to the back of the truck and touches Muscle Man's shoulder as he tries to unhitch the spaceship.)
Past Muscle Man: What do you think you're doing, bro?!
Muscle Man and Past Muscle Man: Huh? What the-?
(Past Muscle Man and Muscle Man fight using the same moves)
Past Muscle Man: Why can't I fight you, man?!
Muscle Man: 'Cause I'm you, bro, and you're not driving this ship into the Crash Pit!
Past Muscle Man: Whatever! You can't tell me what to do, old man!
Muscle Man: Actually I can, because I know something that you don't.
Past Muscle Man: What's that?
Muscle Man: Always guard your pepperonis.
(He slaps Past Muscle Man's pecs that slap his eyes, and he falls, then Muscle Man unhitches the spaceship and gets in front of the spaceship)
Past Hi-Five Ghost: Aaaahhhh!!
(He turns the truck around which made the ramp fall down then the truck falls into another crater, then Muscle Man squeals as the spaceship is getting closer to the crash pit. Skips drives his van in front of the spaceship and steps on the reverse gear to save it, then the spaceship is getting closer to the crash pit)
Muscle Man, Hi-Five Ghost and Skips: AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
(Skips stops the van near the crash pit as the ramp falls into the crash pit)
Skips: (to Muscle Man) Next time, use the space toilet!
Muscle Man: Don't worry, Skips. For the rest of this trip, I'm holding it. (Falls down the from the the spaceship)
(Scene fades to sunset as the guys and the spaceship are back in the crater and Skips is repairing the spaceship. Muscle Man soon sees Mordecai, Rigby, Benson and Pops standing triumphantly. Everyone soon approaches each other.)
Muscle Man: Well? Did you guys save the universe?
Benson: Does this answer your question? (He pulls out a bottle of sparkling grape cider and pops it open, causing everyone to celebrate. Muscle Man fires the gun upward, Pops throws lollipops, and Mordecai and Rigby dump a container of sports drink on Benson.) WHOA! WHOA!! What are you guys doing?
Mordecai: Sorry. We found it in Skips' van.
Rigby: You can't celebrate without dumping sports drink on somebody.
Benson: Ugh. Skips, how much longer 'til we get us out of here?
Skips: Give me 20 minutes.
Benson: Ugh, OK. Until then I'm gonna go try to find a shower. Does this ship have a bathroom?
Muscle Man: Uh, you might not wanna use that, bro.
Mordecai:  Alright, man it's over.
Rigby: Ye-ah.
Mordecai: Well, I guess I'll never shoot you in the future, although we never found out how that happened anyways.
Rigby: Yeah, that's a relief.
Mordecai: Man, I wonder if any other stuff in the future changed.
(A dark portal appears and Rigby looks at it)
Rigby: Oh, no.
Mordecai: Yeah, you're probably right.
(The dark portal disappears, then Rigby thinks for a moment)
Rigby: Uh, I gotta go.
Mordecai: What?
Rigby: I have to go do something. Just don't leave without me. (He runs off)
Mordecai: Huh? Rigby? Rigby!
(Past Rigby arrives home at night with his bike.)
Past Rigby: (laughing) Whoa! (he falls and goes inside) Yes! It's here! Aw, yeah, it's got my name on it and everything! You guys want to get the camera ready? Okay, okay, after, after, after. (He open the letter and reads it.) I didn't get in? But, everybody get in. What? What am I supposed to do now?
Sherm: Listen, Rigby, we were kind of expecting this, so we looked up an out of state school where--.
Past Rigby: Out of state?! But I'm supposed to go to college with Mordecai.
Barbara: Listen, this is only college that will accept you.
Past Rigby: Well, then, I won't go to college then! (Sobbing, he runs upstairs.)
Sherm: Rigby, you're going to college whether you like it or not!
Past Rigby: If I can't go to college with Mordecai, then I don't want to go to college at all!! (He slams his door, throws things off his desk, tears down his "College U" posters and turns on his console.)
Game: Welcome to College U, the College for accepts everyone.
Past Rigby: Meh!! (He flips his T.V. to the ground and falls to his knees, resembling Future Rigby's flashback. He looks at his letter, which has "Rejected" stamped on it in red.) How are Mordecai and me gonna stay friends if we go to different schools? (Gasps) What if he got rejected, too? (Things fade to white and shows Rigby's bike. Rigby is at Mordecai's house looking through his mail until he finds the letter. He opens it and reads before finding he was accepted. A typewriter falls to the ground as Rigby types rejected.) Sorry, Mordecai. (He finishes typing, puts the letter in the mailbox, puts his typewriter in his backpack and picks up the real letter. Behind him, a bus arrives hitting a trash can.) AAHH!!
Past Mordecai: Dude, did you see all that lightning? Must be a storm a 'brewing. (Rigby turns around, still holding Mordecai's real letter.) Hey, is that your acceptance letter?
Past Rigby: Uh, yeah. I got in.
Past Mordecai: I knew you could do it. (looks in the mailbox and gasps) Dude, I got my letter, too. (He reads the fake letter) "Dear Mordecai." Hmm, hmmm. "We regret to inform you that you have been rejected from College University." Dude, I didn't get in. What the- they let you in but not me? That doesn't even make any sense. No offense.
Past Rigby: Hey, forget them. If you're not going then neither am I. (He tears up Mordecai's real letter.)
Past Mordecai: No. I have a better idea.
Past Rigby: What?
Past Mordecai: Do you still have the key to the science lab?
Past Rigby: Yeah.
Past Mordecai: I need your help finishing Mr. Ross' time machine. (The screen fades to white. Rigby appears out of bushes, only to find his past self and Past Mordecai leaving on their bikes.)
Rigby: (Running) No wait! You have to tell Mordecai the truth! (Gets exhausted) Please! (Rigby collapses, then he hears clapping. He turns where the sound is revealed to be Mr. Ross.) Mr. Ross!
Mr. Ross: The one and only! Jerk move changing Mordecai's letter like that. But I guess you're kind of the king of jerk moves. Like the time you ruined my volleyball state championship.
Rigby: What that was an accident!
Mr. Ross: Oh, yeah? I wonder what would happened if I accidentally showed Mordecai your little secret!
(Mr. Ross shows the envelope, Rigby gasps and grabs the envelope.)
Rigby: It's over, Ross! We destroyed your time machine so just get out of here!
Mr. Ross: Oh, that doesn't matter. I'll just replace it with this! (Mr. Ross shows him another time machine.)
Rigby: No!
(Rigby tries to grab it, but Mr. Ross pushes him to the ground.)
Mr. Ross: I wouldn't wanna stop your high school selves from blowing up the science lab, creating the Timenado. Ooh. Gotta run, they'll be here in a few minutes!
Rigby: No!
Mr. Ross: Bye!
(Rigby tries to catch him but the portal closes.)
Rigby: No! No! No!
(Meanwhile back in the Park. Skips is still repairing the ship.)
Skips: Try it again, Pops!
(Pops turns on the ship and it manages to work. They cheered.)
Benson: For a minute there, I thought we’d be stuck in the past.
Hi Five Ghost: (sees another dark portal) Uh, guys? Maybe we shouldn’t leave quite just yet.
(The park workers all saw the dark portal)
Skips: The portals.
(The dark portals start appearing in the past.)
Skips: Something must still be wrong.
Benson: What?!
Mordecai: But the time machine was destroyed!
Skips: Well, are you sure?
Mordecai and Benson: Yes!
Skips: Then why is time still being erased?!
Rigby: WAIT! WAIT! (He comes back breathless) We can't... We... we can't go.
Benson: Rigby, what's going on?
Rigby: (exhales, then inhales deeply; quickly) There's a second time machine, and our past selves are headed to the high school to finish it!
Guys: What?!
Benson: Everybody, get in the van. We got to get to the high school now.
(Everyone gets inside Skips' van)
Mordecai: (glaring at Rigby) What's going on, Rigby?
Rigby: Uh, I'll explain later. We just have to go now.
(Skips drives his van quickly to the high school. Scene cuts to Past Mordecai in his protective suit in the science lab with the time machine)
Past Mordecai: Yeah, dude, this is the only way. We finish Mr. Ross' time machine, then we can go back in time and I can tell myself to get better grades. I'll get accepted this time, and we can go to College U!
Past Rigby: That is.. such a great idea! I could totally tell myself the same thing!
Past Mordecai: But why would you need to get better grades? You already got in.
Past Rigby: Oh, right. Yeah, never mind. Come on, help me put this weapons grade plutonium into the time machine. (They put on their protective helmets)
(They made it to the high school and everyone gets out)
Benson: Go, go, go!
(Skips punches the front doors open and they enter the high school)
Rigby: Hurry!
(They run through the hallway to the science lab)
Rigby: This way! We still have time!
(They open the radioactive box of plutonium and they place the plutonium on the time machine. As the guys are about to get to the science lab, a hooded figure blocks the way)
Future Mordecai: Stop!
Rigby: Out of our way, buddy!
Muscle Man: Yeah, this doesn't concern you, mysterious hooded bro.
Future Mordecai: Oh, I think it does.
(He takes off his hood to reveal that he is Future Mordecai and the guys gasp)
Mordecai: Dude, it's.... it's me.
Future Mordecai: In the flesh.
Rigby: You're the future Mordecai that shot the future me in the future!
Future Mordecai: Yeah, but you deserved it. (he takes out his gun)
Mr. Ross: (as he comes out of a portal) Guys, guys chill out. The show hasn't even started yet.
(Everyone gasps)
Mordecai: Mr. Ross?!
Mr. Ross: The one and only.
Benson: Step aside, Ross.
Mr. Ross: No can do. I need Past Mordecai and Rigby back there to create the Timenado so I can get revenge on Rigby.
Rigby: You're crazy!
Mr. Ross: (laughs) Yeah, I'm craze-o, all right. And as soon as I get my revenge, I'm gonna destroy the Earth and then just live on my sweet spaceship and watch tons of TV. I recorded the past 25 years worth, so I've got a little catching up to do.
Rigby: They can't stop all of us! Come on!
(The guys charge at Mr. Ross and Past Mordecai and start fighting except Muscle Man, who takes cover behind a water fountain. Past Mordecai and Rigby close the time machine's sides. Mr. Ross appears behind Skips and punches him. Past Rigby presses the button over and over)
Past Mordecai: Aw, man.
Past Rigby: Wait, duh. Can't make a time machine without adding a little time. (Pulls down his sleeve to show his calculator watch)
(Muscle Man loads the future gun and makes aim but everyone fighting are blocking his aim)
Muscle Man: Bros, you're blocking my shot!
(Future Mordecai punches Benson, then throws him at Pops, then he punches Mordecai throws him at the lockers and throws him again. Past Rigby places his calculator watch on top of the plutonium. Benson is about to make into the science lab, but Mr. Ross punches him. The calculator watch disintegrates, and the crystal starts spinning. Cut back to the guys who are passed out)
Mr. Ross: (laughs) So easy.
Muscle Man: You know what else is easy?
Mr. Ross and Future Mordecai: Huh?
Muscle Man: This. (He shoots at Mr. Ross who passes out) Yes!
(Mr. Ross' neck collar reverses time, bringing him back to life. The guys are shocked at this)
Mr. Ross: Heh. Rewind collar. Good thing, too. I don't wanna miss this.
(Past Rigby presses the button, but the time machine explodes, destroying the whole science lab, and Past Mordecai and Rigby fly through the exit and land on their present selves)
Past Mordecai: What are you guys doing here?!
(The crystal emerges into the Timenado and it moves around)
Mordecai and Rigby: The Timenado!
(The guys try to stop the Timenado, but fail, then Muscle Man uses the future gun and shoots it at the Timenado, but it creates a portal to escape, dodging Muscle Man's shot)
Benson: No! (angry at Past Rigby) Rigby, what did you do?!
Past Rigby: I'm sorry, mister. We didn't mean to --.
Benson: Don't you get it? You just created the Timenado again. The whole reason we're here!
Past Mordecai: What? Why didn't anyone tell us?
Past Rigby: Yeah, we didn't know.
Mr. Ross: (Laughs) Oh, man, this is gonna be to good.
Past Rigby: Mr. Ross? What happened to you?
Mr. Ross: Time traveling as much as I have hasn't treated me well. But it's all about to pay off. Why don't you tell Mordecai the real reason you were trying to finish my time machine?
Past Mordecai: But Rigby was just helping me so we could go to College U together.
Mr. Ross: Oh yeah! You don't know! Rigby never got in to College U.
(Past Rigby looks ashamed.)
Mr. Ross: But you did.
Past Mordecai: What?
Mordecai: Wait what?
Mr. Ross: (Chuckling) Oh, wait. Mordecai, you didn't know that?
Mordecai: Rigby, what is he talking about?
Rigby: I don't know, he's crazy.
Mr. Ross: Oh, am I?! Am I craze-o, Rigby?! Then why don't you read the "acceptance letter" you've been carrying around.
Rigby: No! I don't have to!
(Mr. Ross pushes Past Rigby aside and he aims a volleyball bomb at Mordecai.)
Mr. Ross: Read the letter!
Mordecai: Do it, Rigby.
Rigby: (sighs sadly as he starts to read his own letter) "From the Admittance Office of College University. Dear, Rigby We regret to inform you that you have not been accepted into this Fall's freshman class at College University."
(Realization kicks in for Mordecai, as Rigby looks at him.)
Mr. Ross: Keep reading!
Rigby: "Though College University is a massive school and it was a record year for how little applications we received, the admissions committee simply could not find any reason to include you in our enrolling class. The deans were obliged to select among candidates who clearly could do the minimum work required at C.U. We hope you can understand our situation, if you can understand this letter at all. (As he reads this, Benson stares at the ground in utter shock and confusion while the Park workers look at each other confused as well.) But rest assured that we did not make this unanimous decision on a whim and as a result, we are not able to consider any appeals to this decision, so don't even try. Though our school motto is 'The College for Everyone', sometimes college isn't for everyone. We thank you for your interest in C.U., but again, to reiterate, we won't be seeing you anytime soon. (While reading this, Future Mordecai gains a look of regret while Past Mordecai looks at Past Rigby.) Or ever. Sincerely, the Admissions Board at College University."
Mordecai: (Shocked) You've been lying to me all this time?
Mr. Ross: Huh, ouch. (Chuckles) But don't worry. The sting of that lie won't last much longer.
Mordecai: What?
Mr. Ross: Time for the next phase of my "Get revenge on Rigby" plan. Get rid of his best friend. Set me up, me.
Rigby: NO!!!
(He hits the volleyball bomb, and as it is about to hit Mordecai, Future Mordecai blocks it and the volleyball bomb hits Future Mordecai in the chest and falls. Mordecai screams from seeing his future self with a hole in him and screams again.)
Mr. Ross: Oh, come on! Whatever! As soon as I get back up into space, I'm going to erase all of time and blow up the Earth anyways.
(He presses the button, and his portal shows up.)
Mr. Ross: Hey, Rigby, remember when you ruined my state championship game? Now we're even. OOOOOAAAAAHHHH! (Goes through the portal but pops his head out.) This is what you losers sound like and nobody likes it! OOOOOOOOOOAAAA!!!! (Goes in the portal before it disappears.)
Rigby: (In a weak voice) Mordecai?
Mordecai: (His tone begins to shift) I can't believe you, Rigby. All this time you were lying to me?! And what, so you forged my rejection letter, is that it?!
Rigby: Yeah, but...
Mordecai: (Grunts in frustration) Why would you do that!?
Rigby: I had to. You would have gone off to college without me.
Mordecai: (Annoyed) You don't get it, do you!?
Rigby: It was just one lie, I was just trying to-
Mordecai: It's always just one thing with you! You don't do that to your best friend! Arrgh!! You're.... (Grunts in frustration once more) YOU'RE THE REASON I'M STUCK IN THIS DEAD-END JOB!
Rigby: Well, I'm stuck, too! Who better to be stuck with than your friend?
Mordecai: (Gives Rigby a disappointed look) You're not my friend. All you've ever done is hold me back. And I'm an idiot for not seeing it until now.
(Heartbroken by his friend who is lost forever, Rigby runs away.)
Benson: Rigby, no!
(Rigby jumps in the van and takes off.)
Benson: Wait! Stop!
Mordecai: Come on!
Future Mordecai: Put me down! Put me down! (groans) It was all a waste, Mordecai. I sold us out. I climbed the evil corporate ladder, I had an evil six-figure salary, and even bought an evil condo in Maui -- right on the beach. Ugh, and for what? No family, no friends. Work isn't everything. It's not worth shooting your best friend over, I'll tell you that. Truth is (Groans) Right now, I'd trade in my life for an afternoon playing video games with my bro. (Coughs) The future is in your hands. (Future Mordecai smiles then he coughs) Ohhhhhh. (Future Mordecai dies.)
Mordecai: No!
Past Mordecai: Dude, did we just die, dude?
Mordecai: Yeah, dude.
Past Rigby: Dude, let's get out of here!
(Past Mordecai &amp; Past Rigby ran off as Mordecai press the key button to activate Future Mordecai's ship. In the Park, Rigby makes it out of the van in the crater then jumps on the ship.)
Benson: Rigby! Stop!
(They're too late: Rigby takes off into space and above the timeline.)
Rigby: (crying and depressed) Fly me into the sun so I won't have to be sad anymore!
Computer Voice: Fuel cells critical.
Rigby: No, No, No! Come on! STUPID SHIP! STUPID SHIP!!
Computer Voice: Auto pilot engaged to nearest refueling station.
(The Ship takes Rigby to the refueling station. Rigby gets mad and kicks the ship, hurting his leg and falls into the gas tank, knocking him out.)
(Black screen for 1 quick second)
Benson: Terrific! This is just... (Kicks a rock) GREAT!
Pops: Why would Rigby do such a thing?
Benson: I'M GONNA KILL HIM!!!!
High-Five Ghost: (To Muscle Man) Why don't we just go back in time before Rigby took the ship and then--
Muscle Man: (To High-Five Ghost) Or, better yet! Just go back further and try all over again!
Skips: (To Muscle Man) Because we don't have time. OR A WAY TO GET BACK NOW! (Looks up) Huh?
(Future Mordecai's ship parks down to where the park gang are and Mordecai leaves the ship. Mordecai walks up to Benson.)
Benson: He's gone! He took the ship!
Mordecai: Good. We don't need him.
Pops: Well, what are we to do now?
Mordecai: (Sigh) I don't know.
(An incoming call occurs on Future Mordecai's spaceship, as Mordecai answers it and it is Gene who is calling them)
Gene: Calling all available ships to quadrant 3.547 Alpha. The Earth's timeline is in danger. Ross' Timenado has already eaten up the entire 22nd century. We will be starting up our final run to stop him in one hour. We don't know how to stop it, but we have to try. (his call ends)
Benson: Oh, man.
Skips: We gotta go help.
(Mordecai thinks for a moment, then we cut to Rigby, who is still unconscious until a water came out of nowhere splashing and waking up Rigby.)
Father Time: Oh good. You're awake.
Rigby: What happened?
Father Time: Emotions, feelings happened. Then you slip and hit your head. Not your finest hour. Wanna see my finest hour? It's around here somewhere. (A clock falls off him and Rigby dodges it.)
Father Time: Sorry.
Rigby: Who are you?
Father Time: I am Father Time. (More clocks starts to fall off of him.)
Rigby: You don't look so hot.
Father Time: I don't feel so hot, then I guess that to be inspected, considering there's a craze-o guy trying to destroy all of time.
Rigby: (Surprised) Why are saying craze-o, too, it's crazy!!
Father Time: In the future is craze-o, I'm just being era-appropriate. But anyways, how about you, how are you doing?
Rigby: (Still depressed) Bad! I'd messed up and everybody hates my guts now. They're better off without me anyway, wherever they are.
Father Time: Well that's one way to look at it. While you're out, your friends have been busy. They'd joined Gene and the Intergalactic Park Rangers. They engage to an epic space battle with that science teacher of yours. It's weird really? they don't stand a chance. Guess I'll never understand humanity.
Rigby: Why are you showing me all this? I blew it! I lost Mordecai.
Father Time: Mordecai, uh? You're not friends anymore?
Rigby: (Ashamedly) Told me so himself.
Father Time: Ah, that's rough. Well I'm sure you did all you could to save your friendship, too.
Rigby: Uh yeah, I did a bunch of stuff, I wallowed in self-pity, I flew off in a rush!
Father Time: Whoa, you did do a lot.
Rigby: I know. There's literally nothing else I could do.
Father Time: If only there is one word out there you could say to him. A word that shows him that you feel bad.
Rigby: Maybe in a different language. But when am I gonna have time to learn another language?
Father Time: (Sighs) "Sorry", Rigby. The word is "Sorry". (Upon hearing the word, Rigby looks up at Father Time in realization that his friendship with Mordecai can still be saved)
(Father Time and Rigby walk out of the building.)
Father Time: And if you really want to say it to him, you know where to find him. (More clocks starts to fall off of him.)
Rigby: AAH!!
Father Time: I'm not long for this existence, but least I won't leave here with any regrets. How about you?
Rigby: I got to go say "I'm sorry". (Rigby gets in the ship.)
Father Time: I took the liberty of filling your tank up while you were out. That'll be $50,000.
Rigby: What?! I don't have that kind of money!
Father Time: Just kidding. It's on the house.
(The Spaceship door closes and Rigby takes off.)
Father Time: Geez. Can't take a joke?
Rigby: I'm coming, Mordecai.
(Engine Whirs and leaves the gas station to find Mordecai. The battle continues with the Galactic Park Rangers glowing up enemy ships.)
Ship Voice: Alert. Alert.
Ship Commander: We're under attack, sir! It's the Galactic Park Rangers!
Mr. Ross: The Rangers, against my Timenado? Ha! Launch more fighters and let's finish this up. I've got nine seasons of Everybody Loves Raymond to watch.
Ship Commander: Yes, sir! I hope you enjoy season 4, sir!
(He levels up power, which makes the timeline cover up the Timenado)
Gene: Mordecai, you all set?
Mordecai: Yeah, payload secure, but I'm gonna need help to get to that docking bay.
Gene: Clear a path for Mordecai and stay away from those timelines. There's no telling where you'll end up.
(The Guardians of Eternal Youth show up, blowing the enemy ships, one guardian hits one, which it ends up in the timeline and lands in Ancient Egypt)
Benson: Techmo, bogies on your six!
(Techmo activates a space helmet and deserts his flying car, which the enemy ship blows up)
Techmo: Get going, Mordecai!
(He fights off the enemy ships with a galaxy sword as Mordecai flies to the docking bay, then Rigby's ship flies into the battle.)
Rigby: Computer, find Mordecai!
Computer Voice: Searching, searching... Mordecai found.
(He sees that Mordecai is heading towards the docking bay)
Mordecai: Target in sight. Preparing for docking procedure.
(An enemy ship hits Mordecai's ship)
Rigby: Mordecai!
(Mordecai's ship crash lands inside the Timenado through a room of enemy ships, a meeting room, the cafeteria, and stops in another room)
Rigby: Mordecai!
(Rigby flies towards the docking bay and avoids the timelines, then he made it inside the Timenado)
Rigby: Mordecai!
(He digs out the rubble and sees that Mordecai is gone, then Mr. Ross' men are shooting at him, then he jumps into Mordecai's ship to hide, but all of the men are knocked out and a ship comes in, then the gang come out)
Benson: What are you doing here, Rigby? Haven't you ruined enough timelines for one day?
Rigby: I have to apologize to Mordecai.
(All of Mr. Ross' men starts shooting at the gang and they shoot their guns at them, covering Rigby)
Skips: We'll cover you, now go!
(Rigby runs and as he goes through a hallway)
Rigby: Huh? What is this?
(A time portal appears to show toddler Mordecai and Rigby)
Toddler Mordecai: Hehehe. You're funny. My name's Mordecai.
Toddler Rigby: I'm Rigby. Oooooohhhhh!!
Toddler Mordecai and Rigby: Oooooohhhhh!!!
(As Rigby walks through the hallway there are more time portals that show scenes from the episodes "Limousine Lunchtime", "Rigby in the Sky With Burrito", "The Real Thomas", "Temp Check", "Death Punchies", "The Power", "Lunch Break" and "Mordecai and the Rigbys". Another time portal appears to show the beginning of the movie where Future Mordecai and Future Rigby are on their ships aiming at each other above the timeline)
Future Rigby: What happened to you, man? How can you work for him!?
Future Mordecai: I couldn't stay at the park forever! I have to think of my career!
Future Rigby: How about your friends?
Future Mordecai: We're not friends! We haven't been friends for a long time!
(Two gunshots are heard)
Rigby: Ohh!! Mordecai?! Mordecai! (Sees Mordecai) Mordecai! (runs to him) Listen, Mordecai, I just need to-
Mordecai: Now is not the best time.
(They see Mr. Ross with a gun aiming at them.)
Mr. Ross: You guys. We gotta stop running into each other like this.
Mordecai: Step aside, Ross.
Rigby: Yeah, it's time to finish this!
Mr. Ross: I'LL BE FINISHED WHEN TIME IS ERASED, AND YOU TWO ARE DEAD!!!!
(He starts shooting at the two friends.)
Mordecai: Stay with the plutonium.
Rigby: Aah! Mordecai!
(He charges at Mr. Ross, grabs his arm and Mr. Ross shoots at the crystal, which zaps and blasts the floor and it falls down)
Mordecai: You were the worst teacher!
Mr. Ross: Stuff it!
(He bites Mr. Ross' arm, which makes him drop the gun and kicks it aside. He punches Mr. Ross to the ground, then he gets up, but gets shot by Rigby)
Mr. Ross: Yoo-hoo! (punches Rigby)
Mordecai: Rigby!
(Mr. Ross teleports behind him and punches him)
Mordecai: Show yourself!
(Mr. Ross teleports near him and punches him three times, but Rigby jumps into his face and tackles him, but he throws Rigby at the crystal, which electrocutes him, then Mordecai charges at the box of plutonium)
Mr. Ross: No!
(Mordecai and the box of plutonium fall to another floor and Mordecai is knocked out as the box lid breaks)
Rigby: Mordecai!
(Mr. Ross teleports to Mordecai and grabs him by the neck, choking him as Rigby slide down the ladder to rescue Mordecai and headbutts him. He turns to Rigby and lets go of Mordecai)
Mr. Ross: I've been waiting a long time for this!
Rigby: I'm sorry for ruining your dumb volleyball game, okay?! Just let it go, man!
Mr. Ross: "LET IT GO?!"  Do you know what it feels like to dedicate your life to something and then have it ruined?!!
(Rigby looks at Mordecai.)
Rigby: Yes I do. And I'm going to work hard to make it right! Mordecai, now!!
(He runs to Mr. Ross pushes him. Rigby trips him and then Mr. Ross falls to his death. Rigby helps Mordecai up.)
Mordecai: Thanks.
(The ship shows up, and the others get out.)
Skips: You guys alright?
Mordecai: Yeah.
Skips: Whoa, is he gonna regenerate?
Mordecai: No, the fall must have broken his neck collar.
Skips: Let's do what we came here to do.
Rigby: Wait, I need to say something. (to Mordecai) Mordecai, this is all my fault. If I haven't change the letter, you wouldn't have wanted to go back in time and the Timenado would never been created.
Mordecai: Well, I think Mr. Ross had it out for you anyways.
Rigby: It doesn't matter. I robbed you of your future because I was being selfish. You're the only friend I ever had and I couldn't stand the thought of losing you. I held you back and ruined your life, and I'm sorry.
Mordecai: Dude, you didn't ruin my life. What you did was messed up. But I think before I was putting too much blame on you for how things turned out. I've made plenty of mistakes on my own for sure. And if you didn't do what you did, maybe things would have been different. But I take work at a lame job at a park with my best friend, any day.
Rigby: Hmph. Hmph-hmph-hmph
Mordecai: Hmph. Hmph-hmph-hmph.
Mordecai and Rigby: Hmph. Hmph-hmph-hmph-hmph hmph-hmph-hmph.
(Rigby goes to the box of plutonium.)
Rigby: Now get out of here. I'm going take care of this on my own.
Mordecai: Rigby, no! You don't have a protective suit, you'll die!
Rigby: I'm tired of you always fixing my problems. This time I'm going to fix it!
Mordecai: No!
Skips: Come on! We've gotta go!
Rigby: Hey Mordecai, one more thing! Saving the world is the best thing I've ever done. So if you can get Benson to make a sweet bronze statue of me to put at the front of the park, that'll be really cool.
Mordecai: NOOOO!
Skips: We have to leave him!
(Rigby lifts up the box of plutonium to the crystal, but is too weak to do it)
Skips: Mordecai, it's too late!
Mordecai: NO, IT'S NOT!
(He pushes Skips away and goes to help Rigby.)
Mordecai: Rigby!
Rigby: Mordecai, what are you doing?!
Mordecai: I can't let you do this by yourself. Plus, I want to be part of that statue, too.
(They carry the box of plutonium to the crystal, but Mr. Ross regenerates and teleports in front of them)
Mr. Ross: (laughs) The game's not over yet, boys! NOW, WHO'S READY TO DIE?! RAAAHHH!!!! (Charges at the two friends)
Rigby: NOOO!!
Techmo: Rigby, catch!
(He throws his galaxy sword to Rigby, and he jump towards Mr. Ross)
Mr. Ross: What the...?
(Rigby swipes the sword at Mr. Ross' neck collar)
Mr. Ross: Ha, you missed!
Rigby: Did I?
Mr. Ross: Uh, yeah, you did. (His neck collar breaks) What?
Rigby: Set me up, Mordecai!
(Mordecai sets Rigby up, sends him flying and he hits Mr. Ross' face like a volleyball, sending his head flying)
Mr. Ross: NOOOOOOOOOO!!! (His reverse collar revives him all over again) NOOOOOOOO!!!! (As he continues screaming, his body retreats) NOOOOOOO!!!!! This hurts way more than I thought it would!
Rigby: Come on, let's finish this!
(He and Mordecai lift the box of plutonium and threw it to the crystal, which destroys the box and it glows, then they retreat to Rigby's ship with the rest of the guys, and as they escape, the Timenado explodes, and the timeline goes back to normal. Cut to West Anderson High where a reporter of Channel 6. reports about the destroyed science lab.)
Reporter: Yes, sad news. A explosion at West Anderson High, has left the entire science lab destroyed. Let's go to our area cover jumping Chopper 6, Frank.
Frank Smith: I tell you, Jim. It's pretty crazy down there, I've never seen anything like this.
Past Margret: Whooooa.
Frank Smith: Margret, stay back, sweetie.
Principal Dean: So you're telling me you've tried to make a time machine, using Mr. Ross' plutonium, AND BLEW UP THE WHOLE SCIENCE LAB?!!
Past Mordecai and Rigby: Yeah.
Past Mr. Ross: Okay, I can expl-- (Principal Dean punches him in the face and falls down on the floor) Ow! (Principal Dean picks him up in the arm)
Principal Dean: You're going to jail, Ross! And you two, I'm calling your parents! You two are expelled!
Past Rigby: Wait! Before you go, I have something to say something to Mr. Ross. (walks to Mr. Ross) I'm sorry for ruining your state championship game, Mr. Ross. I know it meant a lot to you, and if it wasn't for me, you guys totally could have won. I'm sorry.
Past Mr. Ross: (growls angrily, but is relaxed) That's all I been waiting to hear. Phew, man! Heh. I feel so much better now. You know, I was about to plan a crazy complicated revenge plan on you, but now, I don't feel like doing that at all. Ha! Now, I feel like we can be best friends. You guys want to get burgers? My treat. What do you say, Principal Dean? Can we get burgers?
Principal Dean: No, you're going to jail!
Past Mr. Ross: Oh, yeah.
Principal Dean: Now march!
Past Mr. Ross: Oh! Ow! Wow! Ah! Ow! Oh, man! Come on!
Principal Dean: I said march!
(In the park, Past Mordecai and Rigby wave goodbye to the park workers as they return to their own time. Returning to the park, Mordecai props his future self up next to Future Rigby.)
Mordecai: Even though they were really cool, I hope we never turn out like them.
Rigby: I promise never to shoot you with a laser.
Mordecai: I promise to never laser you, either. (Upon making these promises, Future Mordecai and Rigby disappear, much to everyone's surprise.)
Mordecai and Rigby: Whoa.
Benson: Well... I guess this wraps a neat little bow around everything.
(Cut to the next day, where we see Benson walking in the hallway to Mordecai &amp; Rigby's room.)
Benson: Mordecai, Rigby. A new day of new beginning now you're a little late but we can work on... (He looks to see nothing, then he gets angry, turning red) MORDECAI and RIGBY!!!!
(A waiter named "Jeb" was picking up a burger and placing it in a bag.)
Jeb: Okay, that will be $3.95...
(He looks to see ship. The window opens as Rigby peaks out.)
Rigby: Uh. Sorry how much?
Jeb: $3.95.
Rigby: Okay. Here you go. (He throws money) Can you just throw a food up here. We're in kinda hurry.
(Jeb throws the bag and Rigby grabs it.)
Rigby: Thanks.
Mordecai: Dude! This was a bad idea. We're late!
Rigby: Oh we're not late. We'll never going to be late again.
(Rigby presses the Time Warp button and the ship takes off, ending the movie.)
