(The short begins with Mordecai and Rigby on a space worm in space.)
Space Worm: Thank you for saving my life. Now, I'm going to take you to the coolest place in the universe.
Mordecai: Whoa! How are we be able to breathe?
Space Worm: My body naturally secretes oxygen. (Oxygen shoots out of his body)
Mordecai and Rigby: Eugh!
Mordecai: Sure. Who could pass up on a tour of the universe? Whoo!
Space Worm: (singing) Best friends, best friends. Best friends, best friends.
Mordecai and Rigby: Whoo! Yeah!
16 HOURS LATER
Mordecai and Rigby: Augh!
Space Worm: (singing) Best friends, best friends. Best friends, best friends.
Mordecai: (whispering to Rigby) Dude, I can't handle this anymore. (to the space worm) Ha ha! Hey, you know what? I think we've been to the coolest place in the universe.
Rigby: Yeah! In fact, we were there last week.
Space Worm: But we've never been there altogether. Now we can all enjoy it as best friends. (singing) Best friends, best friends. Best friends, best friends. (continues singing)
Rigby: There's nowhere to go!
Mordecai: Okay, check it out. There's an asteroid heading towards us. We can jump off and hitch a ride. Ready? On three. One, two, three!
(They jump off the space worm, but the space worm notices this and catches them at the last second)
Space Worm: Almost lost you guys there. Luckily, I saved you. Looks like we're even. (laughs) Sing it with me! Best friends, best friends. (continues singing)
Mordecai: Dude, we gotta get out of here. I'm calling for help. (takes out a walkie talkie) Skips, come in.
Skips: (through the walkie talkie) Yeah, what's up?
Mordecai: We're stuck on this freaky worm thing and we can't get off. You gotta help us.
Skips: (through the walkie talkie) Alright, alright! I'll be right there.
Mordecai: Hurry!
Space Worm: Huh? You're not trying to leave me, are you?
Mordecai: What? Us? (scoffs) No.
Rigby: Leave? Never! (laughs nervously)
Space Worm: Good. 'Cause if you did, you'd be my enemies, and I'd have to shoot you with my laser eyes. But luckily, I won't have to come to that because we are (singing) best friends, best friends, best friends. (continues singing)
Mordecai and Rigby: Skips, Skips!
(Skips rides the space cart to pick up Mordecai and Rigby as they get in and they fly off)
Space Worm: Man, I can't believe I thought you guys were gonna leave me. Isn't that so… Wha… what? (notices that Mordecai and Rigby are gone, starts screaming and shoots his laser eyes repeatedly)
(End of Space Worm)
