(Episode begins in Pops' room) 
Mordecai: Alright! Just a few more boxes to go.
Pops: Oh, wonderful. I can't thank you enough for helping me clean up my room. It's just so hard to know what to keep and what to throw away.
Mordecai: Yeah, but don't worry, Pops. We'll be honest with you. If it's cool, keep it. If it's lame, throw it away.
Rigby: Oh, yeah! Last box! What's it gonna be?
(Brings the box over to Mordecai and Pops and puts it down. The box opens, and a creepy doll is revealed.)
Mordecai: Uh...
Rigby: Ew.
Pops: (Laughs) Look who it is! (Carries the doll and shake its) Mordecai and Rigby, this is my old childhood friend, Percy. Pretty cool, eh?
(Holds the doll out towards them)
Rigby: Oh, dude.
Mordecai: No. Not cool, Pops.
Pops: Oh...but no, he is cool. He was the most sophisticated doll in his day with over 250 phrases stored inside. Why, you never know what he is going to say next! 
(He pulls the string on Percy's back)
Percy: I'm gonna draw on your face.
(Pops starts to laugh)
Rigby: That's really creepy, Pops.
Pops: Creepy? What are you talking about? Percy is not at all creepy.
(He pulls the string on Percy's back again)
Percy: Seriously. I'm gonna draw on your face.
Pops: HAHAHAHA, LALALALA!
Mordecai: Pops! Pops! Look, you've gotta get rid of that thing.
Pops: What? Are you sure?
Rigby: Pops, you're a grown man. It's just not cool play with dolls.
Pops: Oh, out with the old, and in with the new, eh?
(He laughs, and Mordecai and Rigby join in)
(A title card says "The Next Day," and it shows Pops on the swings. Mordecai and Rigby come running over.)
Rigby: Hey Pops, we just found a hornets´ nest! Want to go huck rocks at it?
(Pops turns around to reveal that his face has been drawn on)
Mordecai and Rigby: Ahhh!
Mordecai: Ah! Pops, what happened?
Pops: Percy and I were just having a playdate.
Rigby: Why'd you draw all over your face?
Pops: I didn't, Percy did it. Isn't he a riot?
Mordecai: Pops, we told you it wasn't cool to play with dolls. Weren't you gonna throw him away?
Pops: Oh yes, I tried, but it didn't work.
Mordecai: (Puts a hand to his head) Look, we'll do it for you.
Rigby: Yeah, trust us. This is for your own good, Pops.
Pops: Oh, okay.
Mordecai: Don't worry, Pops. We'll take good care of him.
(Throws Percy in the trash) 
(We now go back to the park where Mordecai and Rigby are playing a video game. They suddenly then hear a noise.)
Mordecai (continued): Dude, what was that?
Rigby: Uh, I don't know. Probably Pops bummed out that we threw away his doll or something.
(We hear the same noise)
Mordecai: We better go check on him.
(Mordecai and Rigby go upstairs to Pops's room. Mordecai tries to open the door, only to find that it is locked. He begins to knock on the door.) 
Mordecai (continued): Pops? Huh? (Looks at Rigby with a worried expression) Dude, it's locked.
(We hear Pops whining from inside his room)
Rigby: Who's Pops talking to?
Mordecai: (Looks through Pops's peep-hole) What the--?
Pops: Here, Percy; have some tea.
Percy: Have some tea? (flips the table) What's wrong with you! I don't want your tea, I want to draw on your face. (Picks up a black marker, and is about to draw on Pops' face)
Pops: Uh...
Mordecai: Dude, we gotta help Pops! (tries to break the door and the door finally opens)
Rigby: Stop! (Percy quickly turn and tries to draw on Rigby's face) Mordecai, get this psycho off me!
Mordecai: (knocks Percy with a bat) Get off!
Percy: You're all gonna get drawn on! (he leaves)
Mordecai: Pops, are you alright?
Pops: Yes, I'm fine.
Rigby: Dude, what'll we do about that thing?
Mordecai: We have to stop that thing.
(The trio goes to the underground. Mordecai is holding a bat. They walk around to find Percy.)
Percy: Draw... Draw... (sees a shovel and take it)
(shovel makes a sound)
Mordecai: Did you hear that? (turns around and lose consciousness after hit by Percy)
Rigby: Mordecai! (hit by Percy)
Percy: (dropped the shovel) Pops, bring me the marker so I can draw on their faces.
Pops: No.
Percy: What? Bring me the marker!
Pops: I said no! Its not cool for a grown man to have dolls. You have to go away now, Percy.
Percy: (a pause) Give me that marker!
Pops: No! (Pops kicks Percy in slow-motion).
Percy: NOOOOOO!!! (lands on fire)
Pops: Mordecai, Rigby, are you alright?
M&amp;R: (regain consciousness) Uh... yeah.
Pops: Oh, thank goodness.
(Percy gets out from the fire)
Percy: RAAAAAAAAAAAH!!
Mordecai, Rigby, and Pops: AAAAAAAAAAAH!!
Mordecai: See, Pops. We told you dolls aren't cool.
(End of Creepy Doll)
(scene cuts to the house)
Pops: The end.
Mordecai: Uh.... I guess that was kinda scary.
Pops: Yes, because of the doll's un-natural desire to mark on things.
Muscle Man: Ugh, lame. I thought you guys said these stories were gonna be scary. Thanks for wasting our time. C'mon, Fives, let's bail. (Muscle Man and HFG leave them)
Mordecai: So, seriously, can we stop inviting them to stuff?
(Mordecai is trick-or-treating)
(Mordecai rings a doorbell; a lady opens the door, holding a bowl of candy)
Candy Giver: Oh, would you look at that. What are your kiddies supposed to be?
Mordecai: Ghosts. They're ghosts.
(Cuts back to the living room)