(The short begins with the curtains being opened up, showing the house. We then see the camera moving up to the window to where Mordecai and Rigby are staring out. Benson then walks into the attic.)
Benson: Mordecai, Rigby, did you clean the attic?
Mordecai: No.
Benson: That was a rhetorical question.
Rigby: Interesting.
Benson: Mordecai. Rigby.
Mordecai: Yeah.
Benson: Clean the attic.
(We see Benson walk down the attic stairs.)
Rigby: Where should we start?
Mordecai: I don't know. There's all kinds of weird stuff up in here.
Rigby: Yeah.
(The camera then shows an 8-Track Player from 1969, a Stamp Collection from 1925, Wicker Baskets from 1947, a Plastic Christmas Tree from 1987, a 1930 Typewriter and a Pop's Painting.)
Mordecai: Dude, look.
Rigby: Woah!
Mordecai: There's only one way who decides who gets this thing.
Rigby: Give it to me because I really want it.
Mordecai: What? No. No, that's not it.
(We cut to Eileen opening her letter.)
Eileen: Mordecai and Rigby cordially invite you to - (cut to Skips.) 
Skips: The first annual Tetherball Championship Series - (cut to Muscle man &amp; HFG.)
Muscle Man: - to see who gets - (hands to HFG.)
HFG: - to keep their old tetherball trophy they found in the attic  (cut to Benson.)
Benson: Warning: Rigby may cry when he loses. 
Eileen: The rules are as follows. You'll each stand on your side of the circle. Whoever gets the ball to go around until a full stop wins. A coin flip will decide who serves first.
Rigby: Rock-paper-scissors for it?
(Mordecai and Rigby play rock paper scissors and Mordecai wins.)
Eileen: Mordecai will call it.
Mordecai: Heads. 
Eileen: Heads. Mordecai will serve first. Game on!
(Mordecai hits the tetherball Rigby tries to hit it but because he is short and cannot reach it, Mordecai wins and the crowd cheers for him. Eileen later comforts Rigby after the match. The scene is now nighttime. Mordecai approaches Rigby with the trophy.)
Mordecai: Dude. 
Rigby: What do you want, Mr. Winner of that dumb trophy I don't even care about anymore?
Mordecai: I don't deserve this.
Rigby: You mean I won?
Mordecai: No, dude. You got second place.
(Rigby looks at the trophy and is happy with Mordecai. The short ends with the curtains closing.)
