(The short begins with a view of the Park Dome drifting in space. The scene then cuts to the living room. Mordecai and Rigby walk in.) 
Rigby (high-pitched): Dude, that helium planet was so cool! Did you know about gas planets before today? 
Mordecai: (high-pitched): Yeah, I think I read about them somewhere. (He and Rigby laugh and his voice slowly turns back to normal.) Helium's cool. I'm gonna go heat up some burritos. You want one?
Rigby (normal voice): You know it! (He sits on the couch and picks up the TV remote while Mordecai walks away.) I'm setting a course for gas planet Rig-butt! 
(He suddenly disappears and the remote is back on the table. A distorted sound can be heard. Mordecai and Rigby walk into the room again.) 
Rigby (high-pitched): Dude, that helium planet was so cool! Did you know about gas planets before today? 
Mordecai: (high-pitched): Yeah, I think I read about them somewhere. (He and Rigby laugh and his voice slowly turns back to normal.) Helium's cool. I'm gonna go heat up some burritos. You want one?
Rigby (normal voice): You know it! (He sits on the couch and picks up the TV remote while Mordecai walks away.) I'm setting a course for gas planet- (He stops, realizing something is off.) Whoa... I'm having the craziest deja vu right- 
(Rigby vanishes again as the distorted sound returns. He walks into the living room with Mordecai a third time.) 
Rigby (high-pitched): Dude, that helium planet was so cool! Did you know about gas planets before today? 
Mordecai (high-pitched): Wait... we just did this. Something's weird. 
(The duo disappear again, then walk back into the room again.) 
Rigby (high-pitched): Dude, that helium plan- (He is interrupted when the rest of the park crew run into the room, everyone shouting over each other in a panic.) 
Benson: Okay, did anyone do anything wrong or weird lately? (Everyone replies with a negative answer and shakes their heads.) Okay...has anyone taken anything from outside the dome that maybe they shouldn't have taken? Maybe something from another planet?
Everyone: No! 
Rigby: Oh, wait. (He takes out a black orb and everyone disappears again. Only the orb remains, floating above the couch and the table. Everyone runs into the room.) 
Benson: What is going on?! 
Eileen: It's Rigby's orb! It's resetting time and it won't stop until we destroy it! 
(The orb reverses time and Muscle Man runs up to it.) 
Muscle Man: DESTROY IT! (He throws himself on top of the orb, but gets his breath knocked out of him.) 
(The orb reverses time again. Benson and Skips run in holding wooden chairs and smash them on the orb. The chairs break apart, but the orb is unscathed.) 
(The orb reverses time again and we see everyone gathered around the orb.)
Hi Five Ghost: No more! (He dumbs a wooden tub of water on the orb, but nothing happens.) 
(On the next reverse, we see Muscle Man in a catcher's outfit, Rigby wearing a baseball glove, and Mordecai holding a bat. Skips, Pops, and Eileen are sitting on the couch while Benson watches from the stairs. Rigby throws the orb to Mordecai, who swings. His bat breaks in half and the orb isn't even scratched.) 
(Everyone is now on the stairs, save for Rigby, who is standing on the couch (propped up by the table) and holding a whip. He whips the orb, but nothing happens.) 
(The orb resets time and we see Mordecai and Rigby with the orb. Muscle Man runs in and farts on the orb, which does nothing but make Mordecai and Rigby recoil in disgust.) 
(Mordecai and Rigby try to contain the orb with a wooden board and a glass bowl. The orb bounces around and reverses time again.) 
(Benson, now wearing a karate outfit while everyone else watches, tries to hit the orb to destroy it. His chop has no effect, along with his kick. He tries landing on top of the orb, but it reverses time before he can do so.) 
(We see everyone wearing hard hats and Skips with a jackhammer. While everyone else covers their ears, Skips uses the jackhammer on the orb, but he fails to do some damage.) 
(The orb reverses time and it is alone in the room. A wrecking ball comes in and tries to smash the orb, but it breaks apart on contact.) 
(Rigby stands on top of the couch, patting his elbow. He elbow-drops the orb, but it doesn't work.) 
(Skips lets go of a rope, causing an anvil to fall on the orb. The anvil bounces off and goes right through the couch instead.)
(A car barrels through the wall and smashes against the orb. The vehicle crumbles apart while the orb is not damaged.) 
(A bundle of dynamite is attached to the orb. It explodes, but that doesn't work either.) 
(The orb reverses time again, but this time, no one is near it. The camera pans to the window, where we see everyone outside and running away from the house.) 
Everyone: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! 
(Everyone screams in panic and runs away while a giant black orb rises from behind them and spins. The orb flies right for the camera, and we see the Park Dome floating in space. The orb reverses time again and again, keeping the dome trapped in a repeated movement.)
(End of Time Loop) 
