(This episode begins when Mordecai and Rigby are drinking coffee, and Benson asks them to paint over the graffiti on the wall of the park restrooms.)
Benson: Alright, I need you guys to paint over the graffiti on the bathroom. Just make sure you cover all of it.
Rigby: Cover all of it?
Benson: What did I just say? Yes, all of it. Get back to work.
(Walks away)
Mordecai: I wouldn't mind going back to sleep.
(Scene transitions to Mordecai and Rigby painting over the graffiti)
Rigby: I'd like to find whoever did this and just—ARRRGGH.
Mordecai: I know man, they're probably sitting around somewhere just laughing at us.
Muscle Man: (Laughs) Do you know who else likes to clean up other peoples messes? My mom! (Laughs)
Rigby: Did you paint this graffiti, Muscle Man?
Muscle Man: Pfft, me? I may be an artist when it comes to pranks, but I am no graffiti artist.
(Mordecai and Rigby notice orange stuff on Muscle Man's hands)
Mordecai: What is that?
Muscle Man: What is what?
Mordecai: The orange paint on your hands.
Muscle Man: It isn't paint, fool, it's from the buffalo wings we just had for lunch.
Rigby: Yeah, right, it's all over you!
Muscle Man: Haven't you ever been to Wing Kingdom? They always hook you up with the sauce.
Rigby: I think you did this.
Muscle Man: You better watch who you're accusing, bro.
Mordecai: Show us your receipt then.
Muscle Man: What? Show us your receipt!
Mordecai: That's it!
Mordecai and Rigby: (Running to Benson) BENSON!
Mordecai: We know who did the graffiti!
Benson: What? Who?
(Scene switches back to Muscle Man and Hi Five Ghost)
Muscle Man: It's buffalo sauce, smell it!
Benson: I'm not going to smell your fingers, Muscle Man. Just tell me the truth and I'll take your word for it.
Muscle Man: But I am telling you the truth! Benson, I can't believe you're even listening to these clow-
(A can of spraypaint falls out of his pocket)
Rigby: Look, it's spray-paint!
Benson: Chicken wings, huh?
Muscle Man: Uh... um... that's not mine!
Mordecai: Yeah, right! It was in your pocket!
Muscle Man: Uh... okay, all right! I-I was spraypainting, okay? But--
Benson: But what?
Muscle Man: But I didn't do the graffiti, I was painting Hi Five Ghost's ride orange.
Hi Five Ghost: Really?
Benson: Then why did you lie about the paint?
Muscle Man: Because it was supposed to be a surprise, until you guys ruined it!
Rigby: He's lying!
Muscle Man: No, I'm not!
Benson: I'm sorry, Muscle Man. I'm gonna have to ask you to turn in your keys.
Muscle Man: What?
Benson: You heard me.
Muscle Man: Are you firing me, bro?!
Benson: Give me your keys.
Hi Five Ghost: If he goes, I go, too.
Benson: Okay, see ya.
Hi Five Ghost: Aww...
Muscle Man: That was really cool, bro. You want my keys, Benson? Fine!
(He throws his keys on the ground at Benson's feet)
Muscle Man (continued): But we were gonna quit this job anyways to follow our real dreams. And we're not coming back, no matter how much you beg! Come on, Fives.
(They storm off)
Benson: I just want you guys to know that you did a good thing today. You knocked a guy out and got him fired. Good job.
(He walks away)
Mordecai: Whoa. I didn't think he was gonna fire him.
Rigby: Neither did I.
(The real vandal starts spray-painting on the wall)
Mordecai: What the-Hey! Stop!
(The vandal runs off. Rigby and Mordecai chase him until he hops over a fence, getting away.)
Rigby: That didn't look like Muscle Man...
Mordecai: That's because it wasn't Muscle Man.. oohh..
Rigby: Oh, man. What are we gonna do?
Mordecai: We have to get Muscle Man and Hi Five Ghost their jobs back.
(Scene transitions to Benson's office) 
Mordecai (continued): Benson! It wasn't Muscle Man!
Benson: What are you talking about?
Rigby: It was this hooded guy! We didn't see his face, but--
Benson: Alright, I get it. You feel bad for getting Muscle Man and Hi-Fives fired. It's okay, I feel bad too. Doing the right thing is never easy, but it's the responsible thing to do. Like Rigby. When you ratted out Mordecai for putting expired milk in the fridge in exchange for a video rental coupon. That was very responsible.
Mordecai: Benson, we're serious. He's innocent!
Benson: That's enough! We're down two men and I have a lot to do. So do you!
Rigby: No wait!
Benson: Now get out of here, and get back to work!
(Benson slams the door shut and Mordecai and Rigby look at each other, frowning)
(Scene transitions to Skips's house)
Mordecai: (Opens door) Hey Skips.
(Skips turns his head to look at them. He has buffalo sauce all over his mouth.)
Skips: What? You coming to get me fired, too?
Rigby: What? No, no.
(Skips turns around holding a bowl of buffalo wings)
Skips: Good. Cause it's just wing sauce. Muscle Man got me hooked on this stuff, before you got him fired.
Mordecai: Yeeeeeeaaaaahhh, about that. Do you know anything about who did the graffiti?
Skips: It could be Park Avenue. (Holds buffalo wing)
Rigby: Park Avenue?
Skips A young graffiti artist who has been all over lately (Smiles while wiping mouth) He's not bad.
Mordecai: That's probably the guy we saw!
Skips: You gotta tell Benson.
Rigby We tried to tell Benson. He didn't believe us.
Skips: Then you're gonna have to catch him yourselves. But it's not gonna be easy. He strikes without warning and he vanishes with the wind. (Camera zooms out) Say, where is Muscle Man anyway?
Rigby: Following his real dream.
Skips: He said that?! Oh, no....
(Scene transitions to Open Mic night at the Coffee Shop)
Mic Announcer: And now for a comedian I know you're gonna like: Muscle Man!
(Crowd applauds)
Muscle Man: Good evening everyone! So, I just threw out my old couch. It weighed about 300 pounds and smelled like a pile of butts. You know who else smells like a pile of butts? MY MOM!
(Crowd gets bored. Muscle Man looks at Hi Five Ghost, who shrugs in confusion. Muscle Man taps the mic.)
Muscle Man: Excuse me I said, my mo---
Person: Get off the stage!
(Crowd laughs)
Muscle Man: Ah, you jerks are jerks! You don't even understand comedy!
(Another person throws a tomato at Muscle Man's face. The crowd laughs at him again. Muscle Man screams and chases the crowd while they run away.)
Hi Five Ghost: Muscle Man, no!
(Scene transitions to Mordecai painting a trash can)
Mordecai: Aw, yeah! No way he's gonna resist a white trash can. We'll hide over there and then, BAM!
Rigby: Straight to jail!
Mordecai: What's the matter Park Losernue? Don't like jail?
(Rigby starts to pretend he's sad)
Rigby: You miss your family?
Mordecai: Looks like your kids will never see their Park Dadenue.
(Mordecai and Rigby laugh. As they do so, they don't seem to notice Park Avenue spraying paint on the white trash can. He runs away, and a sloppy portrait of Rigby's face can be seen.)
Rigby: Ah, what!? Why is it only me?
Mordecai: Because I'm not a loser.
Rigby: Argh! It doesn't even look anything like me!
Mordecai: Dude, it's like you're looking into a mirror.
Rigby: Shut up!
(Rigby hears spray painting and sees Park Avenue, while pointing at him)
Rigby: (gasp) There he is!
(Park Avenue runs away, exposing an offensive spray painting of Mordecai. Rigby giggles and points at the painting)
Mordecai: (Punches Rigby in the stomach)
Rigby: OW!
Mordecai: Come on, let's go!
(Rigby groans and follows Mordecai.)
(A montage showing Mordecai and Rigby chasing Park Avenue painting a wall, the Taco'Clock bus, a bench, the cart, a toilet, and Pops' head ensues.)
Rigby: (out of breath) How does he keep getting away from us?
Mordecai: (also out of breath) I don't know. It's like he's just messing with us or something.
(Muscle Man comes back all dirty with Hi Five Ghost riding his scooter he mentioned he painted orange.)
Muscle Man: Sup, lamers.
Mordecai: Oh, how's...it going...man?
Rigby: Muscle Man, heeeyyy. What's up?
Muscle Man: Good. Awesome. Not that we're desperate for cash or nothing. But we're offering a one time deal on High Five's sweet ride.
Rigby: How much do you want for it?
(Gets elbowed by Mordecai.)
Muscle Man: Um...any...amount....
Mordecai: Thaaaat's alright. I think we're good for now.
Muscle Man: Fine! We don't need your money anyway, it probably smells like a pile of butts. Let's ride, High Fives.
(Muscle Man and Hi Five Ghost walk away)
Mordecai: Dude, I feel terrible!
Rigby: I know. But we can't do anything about it unless we catch Park Avenue!
Mordecai and Rigby: Hmm Hmm Hmm.
Mordecai: I got a plan. Muscle Man, wait!
(Muscle Man stops the scooter and turns around with a grin)
Muscle Man: Come crawling back, huh?
Mordecai: Do you still have that can of spray paint?
(Scene transitions to the same location where Mordecai and Rigby were cleaning the graffiti)
Park Avenue: (Groans) No class...
(Park Avenue walks toward the graffiti and begins painting when Mordecai and Rigby open their eyes)
Mordecai: Class this!
Park Avenue: (Gasp)
(Mordecai and Rigby tackle Park Avenue down on the ground. Park Avenue throws Rigby against a door before Mordecai body slams him down. Mordecai flips Park Avenue's hood off, revealing the top of a spray can.)
Mordecai and Rigby: EUGH!
(Then, Park Avenue pushes his head to spray Mordecai and Rigby's faces.)
Park Avenue: (Runs away then sprays a wall to make a portal)
Mordecai: Come on. Let's go!
(Mordecai jumps in the portal)
Rigby: What? Aw, fine!  
(Rigby jumps in after him. 'Mordecai and Rigby end up in a dark area surrounded with graffiti.)
Mordecai: What is this place?
Both: Whoa...
(Park Avenue is seen on the far side.)
Rigby: There he is!
Park Avenue: (Near a white door and spray paints a lever) It ends now.
(He pulls a lever, and some of the graffiti he made becomes alive.)
Park Avenue (continued): Get rid of these guys.
(Goes inside a white door. The graffiti changed a green one grew 6 legs a zipper unzipped and grew wings and a red thing grew hands that had mouths and were running to Mordecai and Rigby.)
Mordecai: What the?! 
Rigby: Quick! Muscle Man's spray paint!
(Mordecai gives the spray paint to Rigby, and Rigby paints a horrible stick figure) 
Rigby (continued): That's a lot harder than it looks...
(The green monster with spider legs destroys the painting and two legs comes out of it's eyeballs and it attempts to stomp on Mordecai and Rigby who runs out of the way. A bat-like zipper monster attempts to attack the duo but they duck out of the way.)
Mordecai: We gotta get to that door! (He and Rigby start running to the door but a red monster with hands in it's eyes blocks the way and it grabs Rigby.)
Rigby: Ahhh!!!
Mordecai: Rigby!
(The other hand with eyes and a mouth moves closer to Rigby.)
Rigby: Ahhh!!! (Spray paints the other hand which made it drop Rigby and Mordecai helps him up.)
Mordecai: Look! There it is! (Points to the door that Park Avenue went through.) C'mon!
(Mordecai and Rigby outrun the red monster and enters the door where it appears that it is a room of nothing. Mordecai and Rigby catch their breaths as they look around in the empty room.)
Mordecai: Where...are we?
Rigby: I don't know. It's like there's nothing in here.
Mordecai: He's gotta be around here somewhere...
Rigby: (Starts walking and hits his foot on something) Ow! Oh! Oh! Oh! (Jumping and holding his foot.)
Mordecai: Oof! (Walks into something and hits his head on something) Aw!....Augh!(Walks backwards and falls behind something else.) 
Rigby: Mordecai? Where'd you go? (Hits his belly on something.) Owww!!! (Falls over.) What is this stuff?! (Touches something starts walking and runs into something.) Ahhh! (Screams and starts spray painting it is when he ran into three more things. Eventually, the spray paint revealed an object.)
Mordecai: (Reappears.) Dude, I think that's a TV. (Rigby finished spray painting and a television set is shown.)
Rigby: Oh, yeah! (Turns around and spray paints another object.)
Mordecai: That looks like a futon.
Rigby: I think someone lives here. (Before he finishes, someone suddenly starts shouting at him.)
Park Avenue: Ay! You! No! No! Stop it! (Appears from behind a door.) Come on man! Not the coffee table!
Mordecai: Keep painting, Rigby. (Rigby starts painting again.)
Park Avenue: No! No! No! Don't! What's the matter with you?!
Rigby: (Stops spray painting.) You painted all over the whole park!
Park Avenue: Ya, but it's different. You know, It's what I do. My stuff looks good. You, you're just, you're just making a mess. (Rigby starts spray painting again.) Alright, Alright, Alright, Take it easy, take it easy. I'll quit painting the park. (Rigby stops spray painting.) Just stop messing up my place!
Mordecai: And you gotta admit to our boss that it was you.
Park Avenue: Why?
Mordecai: Because our friend got fired for what you did.
Park Avenue: So what? (Rigby starts spray painting again.) Alright, Alright, Alright. (Rigby stops painting and Rigby and Mordecai both smiles.)
(Scene cuts to the park where Mordecai, Rigby, Benson, Muscle Man, and Hi-Five Ghost talk to Park Avenue.)
Park Avenue: Yeah, that's right, I'm the one who did it. I'm the graffiti artist. I'm hitting the world with knowledge. I'm painting the truth, I'm painting rebellion, I'm-
Benson: -I am calling the cops.
Park Avenue: Phhhhhhh. The cops can't catch this. (Sprays a portal on the ground.) Later, you bourgeois sucka! (Attempts to jump into the portal but gets stuck halfway through.) Aw, man... (Benson starts dialing the police.)
Mordecai: We're really sorry we got you guys fired...
Muscle Man: You better be sorry! Pfffftt, I'm just kidding.
Benson: Well, you two. Welcome back to the Park. (Handing Muscle Man back his keys.)
Muscle Man: Well! I was really tearing it up as a comedian, but since your begging...
Benson: (Takes keys back.) Comedy? Wow, congratulations! Maybe you don't need this job after all.
Muscle Man: ...Please give me the keys. (Benson gives Muscle Man the keys.) Alright! (He and High Five Ghost gets into the cart and starts spinning around.) Woooo!!! (They drive off.)
Benson: Alright. I need you guys to paint over the graffiti.
Mordecai: Aw...what?
Rigby: That isn't fair!
Benson: Hey, you can leave anytime you want but unless you think you can make it as a stand up comedian, I suggest you start painting.
Mordecai and Rigby: Ughh... (They pick up the paint buckets and Benson walks off whistling.)
Mordecai: Want to go to Wing Kingdom?
(End of "Under the Hood")
