
(Episode begins with a collage of TV shows. It pans to what appears to be a very old Pops watching them.)
Pops:  Bad show.
(He slumps face-first on the desk that has sushi, causing it to fall to the ground. Scene cuts to 'Earlier', where he and the park groundskeepers are standing together wearing shirts that spell out 'Huzzah!')
Rigby: Alright, Pops. Why are we wearing these goofy shirts?
Pops: Because I got all tickets to go to a live taping of 'Win That Prize'!
Rigby: Wait. Isn't that that game show where a bunch of old people guess the prize for a bunch of worthless junk?
Pops: Yes!
Mordecai:  I don't know, Pops. We've been on a few game shows, and they're not as much fun as you think.
Pops: But you can win wonderful prizes.
Muscle Man: Yeah, prizes that you have to report on your taxes.
(Everyone but Pops mumbles in agreement.)
Pops: Well, if you've all been on game shows, then I guess it's my turn. (laughs and runs off in the distance. He bumps into a tree and then picks himself up again off-screen)
(The scene clock-center rotates to Pops running and laughing towards YZB Studios. He walks up to a Security Post where a Security Officer is standing)
Pops: Good morning. I'm here for Win That Prize.
Security Guard: You're early. Taping doesn't start till five o'clock.
Pops: You know what they say - "The early bird gets the matching dinetza".
Security Guard: It's true, they do say that. I guess you could wait out the sound station till five. Okay, head towards the water tower and head towards "Carter and Briggs Lane". NOT "Carter and Briggs Way". Stay on that, take it to the statue of RGB2 you got that?
Pops: Got it.
Security Guard: Great. Next, you wanna hang a little and head left, right, right, then left again and just around the corner is Stage Nine, where they film "Win That Prize".
Pops: (confused) Okay. (walks away whilst Security Guard grabs a map)
Security Guard: Or you could just use this map. Huh? (looks around to find Pops) Ah well.
(Pops walks up to the water tower)
Pops: Go up to the water tower... (looks over to his right to see a woman moving clothes on a rack and a golf cart with two people in it) And then... (turns to his left o see a close up of a lion prop roaring, frightening Pops by making him fall into the clothes rack. The same girl at the clothes rack walks up to Pops who is holding a rake)
Woman #!: You're late for your call time.
(The woman pushes Pops into a studio, where he lands into a room live taping a TV Show with two people on stage speaking Spanish. The girl on tape catches Pops before he can fall off. The crowd is in shock to see this. Confused, the man on tape questions the girl in Spanish, making the audience laugh. Horrified, Pops runs out of the Studio, "Studio 7 El Popote Carto" in shock)
Pops: Oh, my! (walks around) Now what did the guard say again?
TBA
