(Episode begins with Mordecai, Rigby and Skips reshingling the roof. Rigby taps his hammer a few times.)
Rigby: ♪Yo, it's your birthday, I got you a present! Yo, it's your birthday, I give the best presents!♪
Mordecai: Dude, how many times do I have to tell you? You can't rhyme "present" with "presents".
Skips: Yeah, that's just careless rapping.
(Mordecai and Skips fist bump.)
Rigby: Psh. Whatever, man. Your birthday present is so great. You don't even know!
Mordecai: Ha. Ha. Yeah. I'm sure man. Thanks.
Rigby: Don't thank me yet. Thank me later tonight when you open it and love it, which I know you will. I gotta use it.
(We see Rigby leave Mordecai and Skips to go to the bathroom. The screen then cuts to the bathroom, where Rigby opens the bathroom cabinet, finding an item wrapped in birthday wrapping.)
Rigby: Oh, yeah! A perfect hiding place for a perfect gift. Mordecai's gonna love it. I get the best birthday gifts.
Mordecai: Man, I'd hate to say it, but Rigby gives me the worst Birthday Gifts:
Skips: Really, it sounds like he got you something really good this time.
Mordecai: Nah, he never really puts any thought into it. And if he does, they're usually just gifts he gets for himself. It's cool though. I've gotten used to it.
(Rigby looks at Mordecai and Skips talking. We flashback to Rigby and Mordecai as teenagers sitting on a couch)
Rigby: (singing) Yo, it's your birthday, I got you a present! (Mordecai opens a Donut World Box and finds donut crumbs. We see Rigby eating Mordecai's donuts) Yo, it's your birthday, I give the best presents! (We pan to a room where Rigby gives Mordecai a t-shirt with "Mordecai's Friend" on it) Yo, it's your birthday, I got you a present! (puts on the shirt. We cut back to Pops's House where Rigby gives Mordecai a card) Yo, it's your birthday I give the best presents! (Mordecai looks at the card where a note is lying on the middle with "I OWE YOU RIGBY" written on it. We cut back to where Rigby was before) My presents aren't that bad, are they? (opens gift, which is a mug saying "World's Greatest Rigby") Oh, no. I gotta get him something better.
(The scene cuts to the kitchen where Rigby is sitting at a table with a pad, holding a pencil in his hand)
Rigby: What to get Mordecai. Mordecai. Gift for Mordecai. Mordecai for gift. Hmm...
(We cut to Rigby slouching on his chair, sighing. We then cut to Rigby who is sitting on the back of his chair with some cereal on the table. We then cut to Rigby's face lying flat on the table. We finally cut to a close up of Rigby's face lying on his pad covered in pasta. He then sits up and figures out what to get for Mordecai)
Rigby: That's it! Mordecai likes video games, I like video games! And Mordecai likes video games! I'll get Mordecai a video game!
(We clock-centre rotate to the Game Wave stores and  then the interior where Rigby is holding "Violent Fist 2".)
Rigby: "Violent Fist 2," the new game from Tendindo! Sold! What, (cut to the cover of the game, which has a price tag of $60) 60 bucks? Do you have anything cheaper?
Game Wave Employee: I guess you're not into quality. Feel free to rifle through the discount bin like a peasant.
(We cut to the Discount Bin with a sign on the bin saying $50.00 and Under!)
Rigby: Ugh! (Rigby digs through the box) These games are lame! "Dog-cart Racing" for $49? I can't afford any of these!
Game Wave Employee: I guess our interaction is done then.
(The screen clock-centre rotates to the Coffee Shop where Rigby is drinking from his "World's Greatest Rigby" mug.)
Eileen: Hey, Rigby. What's got you down?
Rigby: I was trying to find Mordecai a birthday gift, but I think I might just have to give him this one.
(shows Eileen the "World's Greatest Rigby" mug)
Eileen: You know you can't give him that, right?
Rigby: Ugh! I want to get him a video game, but they're too expensive!
Zaxon:Then why don't you just make a video game? Allow me to introduce myself. (walks over to Rigby) I am Zax - (drops his  card)  - oop. Uh, I am Zaxon! What if I told you you can make your very own interactive world with your mind? Observe!
(Zaxon pulls out a VCR and some cables. He walks up to the TV and plugs the cable in. Rigby and Eileen watch Zaxon as he puts a tape inside the VCR. It starts playing, showing Zaxon's head pop onto the screen.)
Zaxon: (on tape) ZAXON! (Zaxon's head disappears and then reappears on the screen) Oh, hello. I didn't see you there. (cut to a brief scene where Zaxon turns his head) But I felt your presence. I'm here to show you an exciting new program I have developed. It's called ZIPGIDZ! (Zaxon is walking on the tape to his right, in the background are some planets.) ZIPGIDZ - (letters and the description of the letter appear on the tape) Zaxon's Intelligent Player to Game Interface Design by Zaxon. (cut to the front of "Tendindo Games", where Zaxon is wearing a janitor uniform, putting his hand up) I first developed the program while working at Tendindo Games, the top company leading the way in a video-game renaissance.
(we cut into the main office where the staff are having a meeting while Zaxon is standing nearby.)
Zaxon: You guys, I got a great idea! What if there was a program where you could make your own video game?
Boss: What? You're just a janitor. You can't make video games. (the staff laugh at Zaxon) 
Zaxon: Anybody can make a video game! I'll show you! I'll show all of you! (leaves the office)

TBA