(Episode begins with Rigby looking at his cell Phone seeing the words "Trust no one" written on the screen. Rigby puts his phone down and sees a spaceship heading towards the park dome. The garage door to the dome opens and the spaceship goes into the dome)
Benson: Get inside! (The spaceship door opens and a set of steps are automatically placed down onto the floor of the Park Dome. We see smoke come out of the air and three shadows which look like robots appear. Every park member runs into Pops' house.) Hurry! (Benson slams the door shut along with a chair, two cabinets and a shelf barricading the door)
Pops: Do you think they saw us?
Benson: (puts his finger on his lips) Sssshhh...
(Pops starts panicking and breathing heavily after someone knocks on the door. Benson puts his palm on Pop's mouth in order to avoid being heard. A whirring noise of a gun is heard and blows up the door and the furniture. The Park Gang screams after Four robots walk inside Pop's House)
Leader Bro Bot: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Sorry. We didn't know anyone was in here.
Mordecai: Please don't kill us.
Leader Bro Bot: I'm afraid we'll have to kill you... with kindness! (Everyone except Skips questions themselves) Yes. We are Brocyclian helper bots. We are programmed to assist others in need. I am R-656. This is R-657, 8, and 9.
R-659: Yeah. We can't wait to help you.
R-656 (Leader): We saw you on our radar and thought you might need help.
Benson: Huddle!
(The group huddles in a circle)
Mordecai: I don't know about these guys.
Rigby: We shouldn't trust them.
Benson: Guys, we're drifting in space. They could be our only chance.
Pops: They could be our only chance.
Rigby: How do we know if they're actually going to help us?
Skips: We could just ask them.
Rigby: Well, who's gonna ask?
(Everyone remains silent whilst they're eyes remain fixated at Benson)
Benson: Ah! Fine.
(The gang release themselves from the huddle and turn to face the Bro Bots)
Benson: Bro bots, can you help us get back to Earth?
R-656: Yes, let us show you.
(Scene cuts to the gang and the Bro Bots at a fuel station)
: Huh. I can't believe I never noticed this before.
R-656: The organic fuel synthesizer takes all natural resources from your park and converts them into fuel for your dome. Observe.
(R-656 grabs a handful of leaves and puts them into the Organic Fuel Synthesizer. The machine whirs and shows a fuel meters increasing on the screen.)
R-656: Once the meter reaches full capacity, you will have just enough power to get you back to Earth.
Benson: Wow. You hear that, guys? Manual labour is gonna save our lives. Everybody grab a Bro Bot and get to work.
(Everyone except Mordecai and Rigby grab a Bro Bot and leave. Mordecai and Rigby notice two Bro Bots walking off, high-fiving each other and chuckling.)
Mordecai: Dude, there's something shady about those guys.
Rigby: Let's follow them.
(We cut to a music montage where Mordecai and Rigby are spying on the Bro Bots. We first see Eileen picking up yard waste. Mordecai and Rigby peer through the bushes and find a Bro Bot heading towards Eileen holding a piece of string. Mordecai and Rigby gasp as we cut to the Reaper Bot heading closer towards Eileen and then tying the bag for Eileen, pleasing her. Mordecai and Rigby still seem suspicious and move back into the bushes. The scene then cuts to Muscle Man moving the lawn, with the duo watching him by a tree. We cut to him sitting down with a shadow nearby holding something in his hand. The duo gasp again and find out that the Bot actually has a turkey leg, which he gives to Muscle Man. The duo are confused as to what is going on, that is, until the Reaper Bot returns with another item in his hand. Both Mordecai and Rigby are shocked until they find out that it is a napkin, which the Bro Bot ties around Muscle Man. We cut to Mordecai and Rigby watching in the distance, then to Pops sleeping. The scene cuts to a reaper Bot approaching with a pillow, then to Mordecai and Rigby gasping in shock. The Bro Bot puts the second pillow under Pops and makes a shushing gesture. Pops goes back to sleep, with the duo nearby speechless, ending the montage, later cutting to Mordecai leaning against a tree and Rigby standing near him.)
Mordecai: Dude, maybe we're wrong about these guys. They actually seem pretty nice.
Rigby: Yeah, too nice. They did say they were gonna kill us with kindness. Killing is killing, dude.
Mordecai: You're being paranoid.
Rigby: Don't call me paranoid. It makes me paranoid.
Mordecai: Shh, shh. Wait.
(Mordecai watches a Bro Bot heading towards the Organic Fuel Synthesizer to put some yard waste in the machine. However, the Bro Bot looks around to make sure nobody's there and leaves with the two bags.)
Rigby: Aha! Aha! What did I tell you?
Mordecai: Hmm-hmm. Let's follow him.
(The scene cuts to the Bro Bot heading towards the Bro Bot ship. Upon arriving. A robot scans him to see if he is not an intruder.)
Robot Scanner: Access Granted.
(The door to the ship opens. After the door is opened, the bro bot heads inside the spaceship. The scene pans to Mordecai and Rigby looking from a distance hiding behind a bush.)
Mordecai: Dude, we gotta get in there.
Rigby: But how? We're not robots.
Mordecai: Hmm...
(We cut to Mordecai and Rigby walking like robots and covered completely in tin foil excluding some parts of their bodies such as their faces. Upon walking up the ramp of the ship, they come face to face with the robot scanner. The scanner detects to see if they are actually not robots. To avoid being caught. Mordecai and Rigby start saying binary numbers (0,1,1,0,1,1). The robot looks at the two.)
Robot Scanner: Access granted.
(The door to the ship opens.)
Mordecai and Rigby: Zero-OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHH!
(The duo enter the Bro Bot ship. The door closes behind them upon entering. They walk around the hall for a while before they come across a room where the Reaper Bot the duo followed is inside.)
Computer: State your bounty Reaper Bot R-659.
Mordecai: Reaper Bot?!
R-659: Computer, deposit ready.
Computer: Please place organic materials in containment unit.
(R-659 walks up towards the containment unit and places the deposited leaves in the machine. We cut to the computer accepting the deposit)
Computer: Deposit accepted. Value on robot black market - 2,000 Credits.
(Containment unit vacuums the deposited leaves)
R-659: Oh, yeah. Stealing from others. What us reaper bots do best. I can't believe they actually think we're helping them.
(R-659 chuckles robotically as he walks away form the room he is in. The scene then cuts to Mordecai and Rigby peeking behind a pot plant.)
Rigby: Those liars! They had us right from the start.
Mordecai: Look at all this stuff.
(The duo walk around the room full of plants.)
Mordecai: They must be harvesting plants from all over the galaxy.
(The scene cuts to Rigby pointing at a plant)
Rigby: This one's craz-o.
(Rigby touches the plant. Upon touching it, the plant turns black and starts rotting. The scene cuts to Mordecai at the computer)
Mordecai: Dude, come. You might wanna look at this.
(Rigby walks up to where Mordecai is at and looks at a sheet of paper that contains the park dome and red X's on the park worker's faces. The scene zoom cuts towards Benson with the red x on his face. We then cut back to the park where the park workers are.)
Benson: Reaper Bots? Really?
Mordecai: It's true! They're stealing all out plants and harvesting them for their own.
Rigby: We saw it ourselves.
Benson: That's ridiculous. They're the best thing to happen to us since we left Earth.
Skips: They're the only thing that's ever happened to us.
(Reaper Bots head over to the the park crew with one of the the bots holding a lemonade jug and another holding a cup.)
R-656: Hello friends. You look parched. 


TBA