(Episode begins at the now dome-sealed Park. The scene cuts to Mordecai, Rigby and High Five Ghost pruning trees. Rigby grunts as he is pruning, and stops.)
Rigby: Aargh! Pruning's lame!
Mordecai: It wouldn't be so bad if Benson would buys some new tools. These things are like a hundred years old.
Rigby: Yeah! How come Muscle Man gets to do this the cool way?
Muscle Man: Uh, maybe because I'm highly trained, bro. (picks up bow and arrow tied to a rake) Call me when you've taken a semester of archery classes online. (shoots rake from bow. Rake lands on tree branch successfully. Muscle Man pulls the branch down with the rake.)
HFG: Hmm... Is anyone else curious about the scientists who've been watching us all morning?
(The Dome Scientists are shown taking notes in the distance, hiding in a bush)
Muscle Man: They're probably taking notes on how to do an honest day's work for once. Hey, mama's boy, they're called muscles! Write that down in your field notes!
(Dome Scientists continue to take notes)
Muscle Man: Last load, losers. (wood chips fly as Muscle Man throws a tree in a shredder. They land on Rigby, making him furious) Ah... (sits down on fold-out chair and puts a blob of sunscreen on each cheek) It's time for my 45-minute afternoon siesta.
(Mordecai, Rigby and HFG look at Muscle Man, disgusted by his actions. Rigby continues pruning but cannot release the pruner from the tree branch. Frustrated, he swings on it until he is sweating and panting.)
Rigby: That's it! I'm taking Muscle Man's bow and arrow! He's not even using them!
HFG: Uh, I don't think that's a good idea. Muscle Man doesn't like his stuff being touched without his permission.
Rigby: So I'll wake him up and ask.
(Scene cuts to a close-up of Muscle Man snoring. Mordecai, Rigby and HFG approach him upon a camera view of Muscle Man's face.)
Rigby: Muscle Man, wake up.
HFG: That's not gonna get you anywhere. Once he's down for his nap, nothing can wake him up.
Mordecai and Rigby: Nothing, eh? (the duo chuckle)
(The scene cuts to a close up of Muscle Man's face)
Rigby: Muscle Man. (clicks fingers)
Mordecai: Mitch, wake up! (slaps his face)
(The duo continue to chuckle)
Mordecai: Wait, check this out. (pulls off Muscle Man's shirt) Oh, my gosh. (runs back to original spot) Whoo! You know who else doesn't understand joke structure? My Mom!
HFG: Oh, guys. I don't know about this.
Rigby: Nah, it's funny. Watch. (grabs Muscle Man's stomach and squishes it together) I'm Muscle Man. I think I am so good at work just because I am so freakishly strong!
High-Five Ghost: Okay. Uh, let me try. Um, okay, okay. (swings Muscle man's shirt) Whoo! Ha ha! It's me, Muscle Man! Ha ha! Despite my rough exterior, I'm a loving and supportive friend! I-- oops!
(HFG accidentally lets go of Muscle Man's shirt, landing in the wood chipper and shredding in the process)
High Five Ghost: Oh, no! Do you realize what you've done?!
Mordecai: Me! What?
HFG: That was Muscle Man's favorite and only shirt! if we don't replace it before he wakes up from his nap, he'll never forgive us!
Mordecai: Okay, okay, calm down. All we gotta do is go out and buy Muscle Man the same shirt.
Rigby: Yeah! We just gotta find the tag to see what brand it was.
(We pan to Mordecai, Rigby and Fives looking for the tag of the shirt. Rigby looks around and finds the tag) 
Rigby: Oh, guys, I found it! (looks at the label) Uh, the label's too worn to read anything.
Mordecai: Great! So now what?
Hi-Five Ghost: I've only ever seen Mitch shop at one place. Let's try there first.
(Scene cuts to BIG and ANGRY Apparel)
Mordecai: Discontinued?
Big and Angry Apparel Clerk: Discontinued! That shirt was a limited-run deal!
Rigby: Limited run?
Big and Angry Apparel Clerk: The FDA pulled it 'cause it was mostly asbestos. Guess the man doesn't care if a guy is flame retardant or not.
Rigby: Is there anywhere else we can find one?
Big and Angry Apparel Clerk: (growls and thinks) You could check In Yo Face Apparel, I guess.
(Scene cuts to In Yo Face Reclaimed Apparel)
Rigby: Dude, this place is huge!
Mordecai: Let's split up.
(Rigby, Mordecai and HFG split up. We see Rigby look at some clothes then notices the front counter with a tub saying "Free! Giveaway" on it with Muscle Man's shirt on top of the tub.)
Rigby: The shirt! (runs towards the tub and grabs Muscle Man's shirt) Come to Papa!
In Yo Face Apparel Clerk: Quit pilfering the promos, dawg! These tees have a price!
Rigby: Yeah, but it says Free! right on it!
In Yo Face Apparel Clerk: Yeah! If you're talking about dollars.
Rigby: How else do you pay for clothes?
In Yo Face Apparel Clerk: Every hour, we give away a free t-shirt by shooting it out of this cannon and blasting a customer in the face with it. (loads t-shirt with cannon)
Rigby: Don't people get hurt?
In Yo Face Apparel Clerk: Nah, they love it.
(We see a crowd cheering waving their hands waiting to get their hands on the T-Shirt)
In Yo Face Apparel Clerk: Are you ready?!
All: Yeah!
Rigby: Dude, wait! Just let me buy the shirt!)
In Yo Face Apparel Clerk: Kid, I work in retail. Hurting people is all I have.
(The In Yo Face Apparel Clerk aims his cannon and shoots it into the crowd. Rigby screams "NO!" and blocks the shirt by jumping into the crowd. After Rigby is shot in the face with it, the customers try to take the shirt off of him. We briefly cut to black. Rigby wakes up and sees Mordecai and High-Five Ghost)
Hi Five Ghost : You okay, Rigby.
Rigby: I did it! I got the - (puts his hands up to see the shirt but realizes he doesn't have it) - shirt.
Mordecai: Lets just go back to the park.
(We cut back to the dome where Muscle Man is still snoozing on his fold-out chair)
Rigby: So, what now?
High Five Ghost: Whatever it is, we gotta hurry! Muscle Man's nap is over in 20 minutes!
Mordecai: Hmm...
(Mordecai, Rigby and High Five Ghost walk over to three scientists)
Mordecai: Uh, hey. What's up? You are scientists, right?
Scientist #1: Science assistants, yes.
Rigby: (sighs) We took our friend's shirt off and threw it in a wood chipper. We need to replace it before he wakes up so he doesn't kill us. Here's a piece of his shirt. (pulls out a piece of Muscle Man's shirt) Can you guys do some science and fix it? 
Pam: Funny you mention it, actually, We just got this 3D knitter that could analyze the fabric and replicate - 
Scientist #2: Pam! Shhh! Come on! Next you'll tell them the back window at the science dome is stuck open!
(The scientists notice that the trio have already left. We cut to the miniature dome, then to Mordecai and Rigby looking down a hall. They see a door for the "Copy Room")
Mordecai: Dude, there's the copy room. I bet the knitting thing is in there.

(We cut to the Copy Room door)
Rigby: Looks like it's locked.
Mordecai: Someone's coming!
(Mordecai puts his hand on Rigby's mouth and pulls him back to prevent being spotted. The scene cuts to a Scientist moving a trolley)
Mordecai: He's going in.

HFG: I've got an idea. You distract him.
(Mordecai and Rigby walk over to the scientist)
Mordecai: (deep voice) Uh, hey, fellow scientist. Do you know if there's a bathroom that way?
Scientist #3 : Oh, sure. Uh, let's see... There's the co-ed one around the corner here. Or you could go down that really weird hallway that's nothing
but urinals. Frankly, sir, it seems like you've got the pick of the litter.
(High Five Ghost jumps out of the trolley and knocks the Scientist to the ground unconscious by hitting him with a device)
Mordecai: Aah! I thought you'd just hide in the cart and open the door from the other side.
High Five Ghost: Oh. That would have worked, too.
(Mordecai and Rigby hold the Scientist by the head and put his mouth onto a security lock, unlocking the copy rom in the process. Mordecai, Rigby and High Five Ghost walk into the copy room and find themselves surrounded by various items)
'Mordecai and Rigby and HFG: Whoooooa!
Mordecai: Look at all this copy equipment. (We pan to the rest of the interior of the copy room. We stop at the Copy Machine) There it is. Runs over and turns on the machine)Rigby, come on. We don't have much time.

Rigby: (walks over to Mordecai)Dude, that thing over there replicates smells. Guess what this is. (holds a test tube in front of Mordecai.)
Mordecai: (Sniffs) Oh! Dude, gross! Just give me the shirt.
TBA
.
