This is the transcript for the episode Terror Tales of the Park V.
(Episode starts with Muscle Man, High-Five Ghost, Thomas, and Johnny Skydiver using a catapult. The scene then cuts to the living room where Eileen is talking to a broom. The scene then cuts again to Monica taking a picture of Quips while everyone else's mingles. Moments later, Muscle Man and High-Five Ghost enter Benson's office)
Muscle Man: Whooooo! Man, Benson, you really went all out with this party. That catapult... uh, uh... that catapult -
Mordecai: Yeah. You normally just get some streamers and just call it a day.
Benson: Ha! I haven't even showed you guys the best part. (Grabs blanket) I present... (Pulls the blanket) Racki the Wishmaker!
Mordecai: Thanks for sharing it to us.
(Everyone leaves except for Benson)
Benson: Wait! You guys gotta at least try it try it. You make a wish and it shows you what would happen if it came true. But really scary.
Mordecai: I don't know.
Muscle Man: Yeah.
Benson: Listen, I didn't put down a five-hundred dollar security deposit for nothing. Just watch. (Grabs hold of the machine and clears throat) I wish... I wish I could motivate Mordecai and Rigby at work.
Racki: A hard worker is all you desire. So do their backsides. Let us add some fire. (Laughs) 
(The scene then cuts to Benson's wish)
(Benson's story begins with Mordecai and Rigby watching TV)
Man on TV: Tired of trying to fit a head of lettuce in your mouth? Just try our new salad guillotine. (An image of the product is shown) Off with your head... of lettuce. (a kid slices a full lettuce with the Salad Guillotine) Salad guillotine. Make a salad fit in your mouth.
Mordecai and Rigby: So cool... (take notes with a pen and pad. Benson arrives)
Benson: Hey, didn't I tell you to mow the lawn? Why are you watching TV?
Mordecai: I don't know. Just feeling "blah" today, you know?
Rigby: Yeah, kind of got a case of the afternoon sleeps.
Benson: (groans) I don't wanna hear it! Get back to work, or you're fired!
(Mordecai and Rigby get up groaning and leave the living room)
Man on TV: Do you have trouble motivating your employees?
Benson: Why yes, I do.
Man on TV: I'm Puppet King from Puppet Depot. Buy my puppet, Mr. Bossman. Yells at your workers 
so you don't have to. Best part is, it's not you doing it. It's the puppet. (starts sweating and whispers) Murray, can I get a glass of water? Puppet depo - Wait. Mr. Bossman.
Benson: Show the number!
Mr Bossman: Call now or your fired!
(The scene cuts to Mordecai and Rigby sitting on fold-out chairs and chucking cans of soda into a basketball hoop on a ice cooler floating on the lake.)
Mr. Bossman: Hey! Hey, get back to work! Get back to work right now!
Mordecai: Bens-- Oh. What is the-- This is really uncomfortable.
Benson: Hey, it's not me making you uncomfortable. It's Mr. Bossman.
Mr. Bossman: Get back to work! Get back to work!
: Eh...Okay. I guess... we'll go.
(Mordecai and Rigby leave the jetty)
Benson: Wow, they're so motivated.
(We pan to Mordecai and Rigby at the Snack Bar, who are imitating lasers by using soda cups. The duo stop when they hear Mr. Bossman.)
Mr. Bossman: Hey! Hey, you two, quit messing around! Don't get germs on the cups! Do what I say, or you'll be out on the street!
Mordecai and Rigby: Sorry, Benson.
Benson: Not Benson. Mr. Bossman.
(We later see Mordecai and Rigby washing Benson's Car, groaning in the process.)
Mr. Bossman: Hey! Scrub faster! Time is money! You got a real loose grip, Mordecai. Explains why you can't hold on to a relationship.
Mordecai: Wait-- Wha? Hey, you-- You-- You-- "You-- You-- You."
Mr. Bossman: Less stuttering, more scrubbering!
(Mordecai and Rigby groan and continue to scrub. Benson walks away with Mr. Bossman)
Benson: I'm a good boss.
(Mr. Bossman remains motionless for a few seconds looks at Benson. The scene cuts to Benson's Apartment where Benson is sleeping.)
Mr. Bossman: Hey, keep sleeping. Yeah. Yeah. Roll over on your side. (Benson rolls over his side) Yeah. When you wake up, you should pack up your bags and leave. Never-- Never come back!
Benson: (wakes up) Huh?
(Mr. Bossman falls onto the floor. Benson groans, gets out of bed and walks over to the spot where Mr. Bossman fell on the floor. Benson picks up Mr. Bossman, who turns his head and looks at Benson)
Mr. Bossman: This is my house now!
(Benson screams and throws the dummy onto the wall)
Mr. Bossman: You don't deserve this job! I'm the one motivating the workers! I gotta support my family!
(Benson turns around and sees his family through the window, a wife, a child and a daughter puppet. Thunder clashes through the window. Benson screams. Mr. Bossman spins his head at a fast pace as Benson runs out of his apartment. Mr. Bossman grabs Benson's leg but lets go when Benson slams the door on Mr. Bossman's head, cracking it in the process.)
Mr. Bossman: Benson, you're cracking me up!
(Benson runs away from the apartment and arrives at Pops' House.)
Mordecai: Dude, the Salad Guillotine is awesome! Wanna use some of this lettuce to make a salad?
Rigby: Eh, I'm not really into salad.
Benson: (slams the door shut and arrives in the living room) Mr. Bossman! He's trying to kill me!
Mordecai and Rigby: What?!
(Mr. Bossman flies head-first through the window. He gets up, his head spinning at a rapid pace. Mordecai, Rigby and Benson gasp. Mr. Bossman jumps on Benson, Benson falls down and tries to et the dummy off of him.)
Benson: Get this dummy off of me!
(Mordecai and Rigby kick Mr. Bossman's head. Benson gets up and slams his body on the wall, screaming in the process.)
Mordecai: Benson! The Salad Guillotine.
(Benson looks at the Salad Guillotine and throws Mr. Bossman into the guillotine.)
Mr. Bossman: You don't have the chimichangas!
Benson: Mr. Bossman. Off with your head, off lettuce!
(Mr. Bossman chops Mr. Bossman's head off with the Salad Guillotine. Mr. Bossman's head lands into a salad bowl.)
Mr. Bossman: I'll take your place! I'll do it! I just need to eat my way out of this salad bowl! (imitates chomping noises as he tries to eat the salad bowl)
Benson: Quick thinking, guys! (wraps his hands around Mordecai and Rigby) You guys are so smart.
The word smart echoes as the story ends)
Benson: I'd never say something like that! (looks away from Racki the Wishmaker and pants)
Mordecai: What happened? Benson, are you okay?
Benson: There was a doll and a- the wish just felt too real. We should probably stop using--
Pops: Oh, I'm next, you slowpokes. (laughs and runs up to the Racki the Wishmaker machine)
Benson: Pops, wait!
Pops: I wish I could travel more.
Racki The Wishmaker: Going on a trip is no easy feat. With a head like that, you'll need an extra seat.
(Racki laughs evilly as his eyes turn red. Pops' eyes also turn red. We cut to white)
(The story starts with spectators in a court murmuring)
Muscle Man: Wow, what are the odds of all of us getting jury duty on Halloween?
(Gavel Bangs)
Police Officer: Court is now in session. Up next, The State versus John Wolfhard.
(The scene cuts to John Wolfhard in handcuffs, growling and looking at the spectators)
Mordecai and Rigby: Whoa, cool. He's a werewolf.
Judge: Mr. Wolfhard, you stand accused of murder. How do you plead?
John Wolfhard's Lawyer: My client pleads not guilty, your Honor.
John Wolfhard: Yeah! I never ate nobody. (smashes his fist on the table) And if I did, there'd be no evidence, 'cause I always eat the bones.
Prosecutor: Mr. Wolfhard, where were you the night of the last full moon?
John Wolfhard: If you must know, I was bottle-feeding an orphaned baby deer.
Prosecutor: Interesting-- So you wouldn't recognize... (pulls out a patch of wolf hair)this patch of werewolf hair we found at the crime scene, would you?
John Wolfhard:Uh... That could belong to any werewolf...with my DNA.
Prosecutor: Then there's this entry from your diary from that same night. "Dear diary, ate a guy today. This is not a joke. Till next time, signed John."
Rigby: He's guilty.
Mordecai: Don't know about him.
Benson: We've heard enough. Let's get this over with.
Pops: Ooh! Ooh! Your Honor, may I use the bathroom, please?
Judge: Okay, sir, but make it quick.
Pops: Good show. (leaves to go to the bathroom)
John Wolfhard: Uh... If he's allowed to go, I am too, right?
Judge: Who am I to judge?
TBA
TBA
TBA
TBA
TBA
TBA
