(Episode begins at the Park Managers' Lodge. Gene is starting a meeting.)
Gene: Alright, alright. Everybody settle down. The annual Park Managers' Lodge $50 Chili Cook-Off will be this weekend, and as always, the cost of your ingredients cannot be more than $50.
(Benson is sitting at the apprentice table with two other lodge members, drinking from an orange juice box.)
Gene (continued): Day 1 will be an elimination round, and Day 2, finalists will complete in a no-holds barred arena match. Celebrity chef Sean Ben Pimento will judge.
(The lodge members talk among themselves.)
Gene (continued): The winner will get the undivided respect of the entire lodge!
(The lodge members cheer.)
Benson: (gasps) Respect...(stands up) I want to enter!
(The lodge members gasp.)
Park Manager #1: Benson, no!
Park Manager #2: Gene wins every year.
Gene: Ah, let the apprentice enter. Not like he's gonna beat me.
(The lodge members laugh.)
Park Manager #2: Let's have a preemptive celebration in Gene's honor!
(The lodge members rush off to celebrate, leaving Benson alone.)
Benson: (quietly) I gotta win this chili cook-off!
(Cut to Mordecai, Rigby and Skips at the Snack Bar.)
Mordecai: So I saw my 5th grade teacher at the grocery store yesterday.
Rigby: What?
(Benson walks up with cook gloves and holding a pot of chili.)
Benson: Hey guys, Hope you saved some room for chili.
Rigby: Oh, right, For the competition.
Benson: It was tough staying under 50 bucks, But I did it. (gives spoon to them.) Dig in.
(Mordecai, Rigby and Skips tastes Benson's chili.)
Benson: So?
Mordecai: It's good.
Rigby: (to Mordecai) Yeah, It's good.
Mordecai: It's good.
Benson: Okay, good.
Rigby: Yeah, it's not bad.
Benson: You said good before.
Mordecai: Yeah, it's fine, Benson.
Benson: You say not bad before.
Skips: It's cafeteria level at best.
Benson: Ugh! If I only could see a jade phantom pepper, (flashbacks to Benson's search for Jade Phantom Peppers in the jungle.) I used to come across them when I studied abroad in Venezuela. It's spicy and sweet with hints of lavender. (His monkey climbs up to tree and throws a jade phantom pepper into Benson's pot of chili.) It made a chili go from "Regular" to muy bonito. (Flashback ends and returning back to present.)
Skips: Benson, You know the jade phantom pepper is "Muy Expensivo" in the states. It costs 20 grand. You got work with what you got. That's the whole point of this contest.
Benson: You're right. If Gene can do it, I can do it.
(Scene changes with Mordecai and Rigby cleaning the gutters as Benson appears with chili in window.)
Benson: Guys, you guys!
Mordecai and Rigby: Aah!
Mordecai: Dude, we're trying to work here!
Benson: I know, I know, just try my chili.
(Mordecai and Rigby tastes a second part of Benson's chili.)
Mordecai and Rigby: Oh, it's pretty good.
Mordecai: Yeah.
Benson: Award winning good?
Rigby: ... Maybe?
Benson: Not good enough.
(Mordecai and Rigby throw the spoons away. The scene cuts to Mordecai and Rigby sleeping. Benson enters their room and wake up the duo.)
Mordecai: Benson, we're trying to sleep!
Benson: Just try this one last bite.
Rigby: Ugh! (Mordecai and Rigby tastes chili for last time, madly.)
Mordecai: Oh... oh wow.
Rigby: Benson... This might be the best chili I've ever had.
Benson: Really? Great, that's perfect. Now to get some sleep before the competition. (We hear audio from a clock ticking as Benson is seen walking to his car with his pot and then driving back to his house. One he arrives, he drops his keys. He picks them up, unlocks the door and enters the kitchen where he places a plastic wrap around the chili pot. He goes to bed and gets up a split second later when his alarm clock beeps at 7:00am. We later pan to the Annual Park Manager's Lodge $50 Chili Cook Off. We see Benson is seen making his chili.)
Benson: (gasps) Oh, wow, There he is.
Mordecai: There's who is?
Benson: Celebrity judge Sean-Ben Pimento. (Pimento walks up to a contestant and smells his chili. After smelling it, he walks away, feeling disgusted by its smell.)
Benson: He's coming this way. Scatter!
TBA
