(Episode starts with Benson walking out of the house, whistling, he approaches the garage, the door, which is open, is painted to look like the interior)
Benson: Ugh! How many times do I have to tell them? Close the garage door when you're finished painting it!
(he gets out the garage controller and shuts the door, he looks at his clipboard, he then looks up)
Benson: What the? Didn't I just close that? (he presses the button on the controller twice and stares at the interior-painted door) Argh!
(Pops is in Carmenita and driving towards the garage)
Pops: Coming through! (he laughs)
Benson: POPS, NO! (he jumps out of the way, as Pops crashes into the garage, he then looks towards the door)
Pops: Bad show!
Benson: MORDECAI AND RIGBY!!!
(a firetruck is now at the house, a fireman is using the Jaws of Life to get Pops out, he gets out)
Pops: Ugh!
Rigby: Pops, are you okay?
Pops: Optical Illusion!
Fireman: Don't worry, sir! Thanks to the jaws of life, you'll never get trapped in an enclosed space again. (he opens the jaws of life)
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: Whoa!
Rigby: Where'd you get that?
Fireman: It came with the truck.
Benson: WHAT WERE YOU TWO THINKING?!?
Rigby: It was just a joke!
Mordecai: Yeah, we were going to paint over it after our break!
Benson: Well, how's this for a joke? Go buy a new garage door by the end of the day or YOU'RE FIRED!!!
(He leaves.)
Rigby: That's not a very funny joke!
Mordecai: Come on, let's go get the garage door.
Pops: Well I'm coming with you, it's my fault you have to replace the garage door in the first place.
Mordecai: Thanks Pops.
Rigby: That new place "House Warehouse" just opened up. They have everything.
(Scene cuts to the House Warehouse, suspense music is playing, everybody enters with a long gasp)
Rigby: Ugh! This is gonna take forever! Hey, it's that old knight guy!
Eggscellent Knight: Ah! Good-morrow, valued customers!
(Mordecai, Rigby and Pops approach him.)
Mordecai: Dude, weren't you just guarding those Golden Game Badges?
Eggscellent Knight: The game store floated away. And with it, my job. But fortune smiles upon me as the home improvement business is booming!
Rigby: Oh. That's cool.
Eggscellent Knight: Now then. Uh...Might I interest thee in a rewards card?
Pops: Ooh! I love rewards!
Mordecai: No. We're not here for that. Can you just tell us where the garage doors are?
(The Knight gasps.)
Eggscelent Knight: Garage doors, you say?! Oh, that is not an easy item to acquire. For, you see, they're located in a faraway aisle deep within the heart of the House Warehouse. It is a parallelous journey to undertake, you will face three trials.
Rigby: Whatever, look can you take us there or not?
Eggscelent Knight: For Mordecai of the omelete, and Rigby of the golden badge, and that fellow comrade whose name I do not know, it would be an honor.
(The four then proceed to start their journey through the garage doors, until after a long journey they stopped very tired)
Eggscelent Knight: A rest, a short rest.
(The four then sat down to rest, with the Knight grabbing his drink)
Eggscelent Knight: Ah Chalice, you quenched my spirit and my thirst.
Mordecai: How much further?
Eggscelent Knight: It- It's just down this way. Uh, no- no this way. Wait, did we pass the Doorknob Isle?
Mordecai: This is STILL the Doorknob Isle.
Rigby: This place is gonna close before we make it into the garage doors!
(Jazz music starts playing)
Mordecai: What's that sound? It's so smooth and-
Pops: Jazzy! (gasps) Could be?
(The four proceed to follow the direction of music)
Mordecai and Rigby: Woooooah
Pops: Ooh, its the Jazzy Bed!
(To be added)
