(Episode starts at the bank on a cloudy day at the bank)
Bank manager: Your safety-deposit box, sir.
Nikolai: Thank you.
Bank manager: Do you need anything else?
Nikolai: (turns around) a little breathing.
(The bank manager walks to a safety deposit dox and grabs a gun. When Nikolai hears the sound of the gun, he runs and kicks the bank manager in the face. He runs off with the safety deposit box and is surrounded by two agents holding guns. He knock both the guns out of their hands, making them shoot rapidly, one of the lazers hits the top of the glass chandelier, knocking it over to the ground. Whilst the two agents take cover in order to avoid getting hurt, Nikolai runs off with the safety deposit box and leaves the bank.)
Leader Agent: After him!
(The guards run after him but lose him.)
Leader Agent: We lost him.
(Whilst the agents are looking for Nikolai, we pan to Nikolai on the bus in his disguise. He opens his safety deposit box and we see a bunch of papers, passports and a picture of the park gang. He pulls out his plan, which says RENDEVOUS MIDNIGHT OLD DAM, as well as another written piece of parchment saying TAKE OUT PARK GUYS circled in red. Thomas laughs)
(We cut to Pops' house where Mordecai, Rigby, Muscle Man and Hi Five Ghost are sitting on the couch, feeling bored.)
Mordecai: (sighs) I wish we could find the remote.
(The scene cuts to the TV which is off)
Muscle Man: There's probably nothing on.
Rigby: Worst Guys Night ever!
(The four hear a knock on the door)
Mordecai: You get it.
Rigby: No, you!
Muscle Man: No way, bros. I'm all settled in.
(The scene cuts to front door. Mordecai and Rigby open it and find Nikolai in his disguise holding two pizza boxes.)
Nikolai: Pizza Delivery.
Mordecai: Uh, we didn't order - 
Nikolai: It's on the house.
Rigby: Oh, sweet!
Mordecai: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Why is it free?
Nikolai: Oh, it's a gift from an old friend.
(Nikolai pushes Mordecai and Rigby into the house and shuts the door Muscle Man and HFG arrive in the hallway to see what's going on)
High Five Ghost: What's going on?
(Nikolai pulls off his disguise)
Muscle Man: Ugh! I hate it when old guys do that!
Nikolai: (Russian Accent) Don't worry. It's just me!
All: Nikolai!/Thomas! Thomas!
TBA
