(The episode starts off with a game called "Zombies Return" showing on the TV, and it shows Mordecai and Rigby as kids playing it)
Young Mordecai and Rigby: Wow!
(Then it shows "Zombies Return 2: Massacre Mall" on the TV, and it shows Mordecai and Rigby as teens playing it)
Teen Mordecai and Rigby: Wow!
(Then it shows "Zombies Return 3: Blood Bunker" on the TV, and it shows slightly older Mordecai and Rigby playing it)
Older Mordecai and Rigby: Wow!
(Back at the present, it shows Mordecai and Rigby watching TV and Mordecai keeps changing the channels)
Rigby: Lame. Boring. Change it. Change it.
TV Announcer: From the series that just wouldn't die. (Mordecai and Rigby are surprised by this) Control a zombie with all new moves. Boomer-arm, Bellowing Bile. The final game with more terror, and bigger bites. "Zombies Return 4: Fatal Finale". (rapidly) $49.99. Wherever video games are sold.
Mordecai: Dude, it's the last game of the series!
Rigby: Aw, man! Did you see those graphics? It looks just like real life! (makes video games sounds)
Mordecai: We need to get that game.
Rigby: How? All those bits cost extra money.
Mordecai: Hmm. (The next scene shows Benson's office, and Mordecai and Rigby slightly open the door and start to whisper) Benson.
(Benson didn't hear it)
Rigby: Benson. (Benson starts to get angry) Benson, can you hear us?
Benson: Yes, I can hear you! What do you want?!
Rigby: What'cha doing?
Benson: What game do you want to buy?
Mordecai: Game? (laughs) What? No, come on. We wanna work, you know? Get our hands dirty. Sunshine. (Benson stops and looks at him) Zombies Return 4.
Benson: No. If you buy some new game, you'll end up doing even less work than you do now.
Rigby: It's not just some new video game, it's the last in the quadrilogy.
Mordecai: This game grew up with us and we grew up with it. We need to see it through to the end.
Benson: (thinking) Hmm. I guess there is one thing left. If you wax all the floors. (Mordecai and Rigby are excited) And I mean ALL of them.
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: Whooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Barame dame dames, playing video games!
Benson: NOW!!
Mordecai and Rigby: Barame dame dame.
(Mordecai and Rigby run out and start waxing the kitchen floors rushingly)
Mordecai: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
(Benson later comes in.) 
Benson: What are you doing?
Rigby: What?
(Benson picks up the chair.)
Benson: This is NOT how you do this! (puts it back on the floor and it slides to Mordecai and Rigby) You have to pick up every piece of furniture and move it outside... including the fridge!
Rigby: How are we supposed to do that?
Benson: Figure it out!! And clean the floors before you wax them!
Mordecai: But--.
Benson: Do it right or I won't pay you! (walks out) Why do I even--?
Mordecai and Rigby: Ugh!
Mordecai: Come on, let's get this over with.
(Mordecai and Rigby move the fridge out of the way, revealing a large fridge stain. They are sickened by the sight of it.)
Rigby: This is gonna take forever!
Mordecai: Wait. Shh. Do you hear that?
Rigby: Hear what?
Mordecai: Money.
(They look out the window. They notice a silver guy performing acts and earning money from people passing by.)
Rigby: Whoa. That silver guy is just juggling glass balls and people are paying to see it.
Mordecai: Dude, that's it! A few hours of street performing, and we'll have the cash to get that game.
Rigby: Sure beats waxing the floors like a chump. (throws the sponge in the bucket and kicks the bucket) Now let's get some silver paint.
Mordecai: No, dude. We can't rip that guy off, it's not cool. We gotta come up with our own thing.
Rigby: Like what?
Mordecai: Something we're good at. (rapping) Should be entertaining.
Rigby: (rapping) Probably not too straining.
Mordecai: (rapping) Something super easy.
Rigby: (rapping) But nothing that's too cheesy.
Mordecai and Rigby: (rapping) How 'bout singing songs, to make a little cash. If we sing 'em up right, we can make a fat stash!
Mordecai: Money stash!
Rigby: Money stash!
Mordecai and Rigby: (rapping) Sing some songs, and make 'em really funny. Get people to stop, and drop all of their money, into our hats.
Mordecai: Dude, that's it! Let's just make up some songs.
Rigby: Yeah, they're so easy. How do we do that anyway?
Mordecai: Probably 'cause we're such good friends.
Rigby: You really think people will pay us for that?
Mordecai: They paid that dude that juggled glass balls, did they?
Rigby: Good point.
(The next scene shows Mordecai and Rigby setting up their street performance)
Rigby: (Hamboning intro) (rapping) We wanna buy a video game.
Mordecai: (rapping) Video zombies eating video brains.
Mordecai and Rigby: (rapping) Zombies struttin', chomping dude like muffins! Zombies struttin', chomping dude like muffins! Those graphics look insane, gotta gotta get this game!
Mordecai: (rapping) So we went and ask for more chores.
Mordecai and Rigby: (rapping) But our boss, Benson got us waxing the floors! Waxing, waxing. Agh! Waxing, waxing. Agh!
(Everyone seeing the silver guy start coming over to Mordecai and Rigby)
Mordecai: (beatboxing)
Rigby: (rapping) Shoulders aching, back is breaking.
Mordecai and Rigby: (rapping) Don't wanna be waxing, when we could be relaxing!
Rigby: Playing video games.
(Everyone starts applauding and they some money in their hat)
Mordecai: Dude, it's totally working!
Rigby: Hmm, hmm. We should've thought of this years ago.
Mordecai: Let's keep going. (he clears his throat, and then he starts rapping) Sun, sun shining.
Rigby: (rapping) Day is so inviting.
Mordecai and Rigby: (rapping) But dollar dollar bills equals zombie fun timing.
Mordecai: (rapping) People walkin' by-o stop and say hi-o.
Rigby: (rapping) Put some dinero in the sombrero.
Mordecai: (rapping) Hey there, buddy, put some money in the hat.
Rigby: (rapping) Speed walking guy, put some money in the hat.
Mordecai: (rapping) Lady with the baby, put some money in the hat.
Rigby: (rapping) Dude with the eyebrows, put some money in the hat.
Mordecai and Rigby: (rapping) Money in the hat-hat, money's where it's at-at. Money!
(Scene transitions to Cheezer's)
(Mordecai is counting the money, while Rigby is eating a sandwich)
Mordecai: (to Rigby) Dude, just a few more songs and we can get that game.
Rigby: Why stop there? We should do this every day.
Mordecai: If we make this our job we'll hate it. Gotta keep it special!
Rigby: We can still do this for the rest of the day, right?
Mordecai: Yeah-uh we can!
Mordecai and Rigby: (while leaving) Zombies Return. Zombies Return. Zombie's Return.
(Cut back to The Park. M&amp;R are walking with their street performance setup. Suddenly, they heard one of their raps. It is shown that the Silver Dude recorded and remixed their rap on his boombox and uses it for his street performing.)
Mordecai: (on boombox) Sun, sunshining.
Mordecai: (as he hears one of their raps being played) What the?!
Rigby: (on boombox) Day is so inviting.
Mordecai and Rigby: (on boombox) But dollar dollar bills equals zombie fun timing.
(The Silver Dude concludes his performance and the people who were watching applaud. A boy puts some money in the box.)
Mordecai: Dude, that's our song! Stop copying us!
Silver Dude: I'm not copying. (rolls his glass balls) I'm re-interpreting.
Rigby: You're just recording our voices!
Silver Dude: Being silver makes it different.
Rigby: It's the same thing with a different color!
Silver Dude: Street law! If you can't take the heat, stay off the pavement!
Rigby: I'll whup your pavement!
Mordecai: Dude, relax. (to Silver Dude) We wrote the songs. People'll come to us no matter where we are in the park.
Rigby: (as he and Mordecai leave with their stuff) Yeah, stay away from us, you silver-coated dirt bag!
(cut to M&amp;R at the front of park)
Mordecai: It's alright. We'll bring people here with our freestyling.
(Song: Zombies Return 4)
♪A bitin', bitin', bitin', bitin
Best watch out for the livin' dead
Bitin on your arms and gnawin' on your he-ad
Ding, ding, ding, ding... Dong, dong, dong, dong...
Who's that at the door?
Zombies Return...4.♪
(People nearby applaud and put money in the sombrero)
Guy: Hey, these guys are copying that silver dude but they're not even in color. D'you guys wanna come check him out?
(People walk off. One of them takes out his money.)
Rigby: What?! Now people think we're the fakes.
Mordecai: That's it!
(Scene cuts to Silver Dude ripping off the rap we saw previously).
Boom Box: ♪A bitin', bitin', bitin', bitin, Best watch out for the livin' dead, Zombies Return...4.♪
(Everyone cheers as Mordecai and Rigby confront him)
Mordecai: Dude, stop ripping us off! You don't even know what Zombies Return is!
Silver Dude: Doesn't matter, I'm makin' bank.
Rigby: Those are our voices, our songs, and our moves! You're just remixing 'em!
Silver Dude: Plus, I'm silver.
Rigby: We know you're silver! STOP COPYING US! (tackles Silver Dude to the ground and they start brawling. A drawing of a man begin to come to life.)
Mordecai: (trying to break it up) Rigby, don't!
Man: Now what is all this ruckus?
(A funny dressed man reveals himself)
Mordecai: Who are you?
God of Street Performing: Why, I'm the God if Street Performing. (acts as a one-man band) What seems to be the problem?
Rigby: (points to Silver Dude) This guy stole our act!
God of Street Performing: My children, why it causes me such great heartache to hear somethin' like this.
Mordecai: We just wanna make enough money to buy a video game, then we'll go home.
God of Street Performing: There's only one way to solve a dispute of this nature. We shall have a competition! Whoever performs the greatest shall keep the act, and obtain all the winnings from the sombrero. Y'all agree to this challenge? Mordecai and Rigby?
Mordecai and Rigby: Hmm-hmm-hmm-hmm-hmm!
God of Street Performing: And what about this silver dude over here?
Silver Dude: (repeats)
God of Street Performing: Let's get it on. (pulls out a guitar and rocks out, causing the ground beneath Mordecai, Rigby and Silver Dude to form  into a stage. People gather round to watch) Let the battle begin!
(Mordecai &amp; Rigby nod and begin rapping)
♪We sing the songs, we do it all the time
We sing 'em careful to make sure that they rhyme
Rigby: Most of the time!
Mordecai: Most of the time!
All the time rhyme!
Psychically linking, I know what you're thinking
Pickin' up the brainwaves, all over the airwaves!
Wee-you, wee—you, w-w-wee-you, wee-you♪
(Crowd cheers and throws money in the sombrero. Silver Dude plays his boombox)
Boom Box: ♪All over the airwaves, wee-you, wee—you, w-w-wee-you, wee-you♪
(Crowd cheers again and the money from the sombrero goes into Silver Dude's box.)
Rigby: He's still stealing our songs!
Mordecai: Let's end this.
♪ Rigby: We were the first ones singin' on the streets!
Mordecai: But then this Silver Dude shows up stealin' our beats!
It wasn't cool, it was a pile a stink!
All he did was press 'Record' and didn't even have to think!
Mordecai: Not that he could, his head's really small!
Dude's so dumb that he doesn't have a brain at all!
Oooooooooohhhhhhhh, Silver Mini-brain!♪
(Once again the crowd cheers and the money goes back into Mordecai and Rigby's sombrero. Silver Dude is annoyed and plays hsi boombox again)
Boombox: ♪Dude's so dumb, so dumb, that he doesn't have a brain at all!♪
(The crowd cheers yet again and the money goes back into Silver Dude's box.)
Rigby: Errr! He's dong everything we're doing and the crowd loves it!
Mordecai: Ugh! Forget him, man. We got this.
(they fist bump and begin to rap again)
♪You're a silver copycat in a junky bowler hat
Copy-cat cat, copy-cat cat, copy-cat
We're innovatin', you're imitatin'
Stealin' our songs is wrong, you ain't creatin'!
Rigby: Make your own music and don't steal ours!
Mordecai: Our original songs have unique powers!
(Mordecai and Rigby have a yellow glow around them)
Our songs come from within
Mess with us and you'll never win!
Cause you're nothin' without your lame boom box!
(audience sways hands to song)
You're nothin' without your lame boom box!
(the boombox begins to grow)
Boom box boom, boom box boom, boom box boom, boom box boom!
Ya wanna remix? Well remix this!♪
(Mordecai and Rigby shoot at the boombox with yellow lasers, which it got destroyed and the explosion wiped off Silver Dude's silver paint off him, then the crowd cheers and the money goes back into Mordecai and Rigby's sombrero.)
Silver Dude: Uhhhhh.... (rapping)
♪Once upon a time there was a cow that was purple
Walking through the grass and have found a chicken that was...Uhhhhh...zhurple?♪
(The crowd boos at him as he rolls his glass balls and throws them away)
Silver Dude: Well, I'm a Silver Dude and I'm here to say...Give me the money! (He tried to take the money from Mordecai and Rigby's sombrero, but he hit an edge of an invisible glass placed by the God of Street Performing) Oh no! No, please! Don't send me to street jail! (the God of Street Performing turns Silver Dude into a mime) No! (the God of Street Performing starts to lift the invisible box which has Silver Dude in it with gravity, then he hits Silver Dude up in the sky and he explodes)
(The crowd cheers)
Mordecai and Rigby: Wooaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!
God of Street Performing: Now, that was some mighty fine street performing, boys. Now let's go get your vidi-game.
(The scene cuts to Mordecai and Rigby playing Zombies Return 4 where the zombie uses the bellowing bile at the man which he melts)
Mordecai, Rigby and God of Street Performing: Whoooooo!!!!
(the God of Street Performing starts doing splits while Mordecai and Rigby cheered)
Benson: Are you guys gonna finish waxing the floors or wha...
(Benson sees the God of Street Performing doing some splits on the carpet)
Benson: I'm also gonna need you to vacuum the carpet, mostly this spot right here.
(Episode ends)
