This transcript is missing some of their lines. You can help us create new content.
This is the transcript for Struck By Lightning.
(Episode begins outside in the park where the gang are playing Rugby)
Skips: The score is 28 - 28. Next touch down wins. But who's gonna take it home? The Tame Gamers or the Disaster Boys?
(Suddenly, thunder claps and it started to rain.)
Pops: Oh goodness! It's storming!
Benson: Well, I guess that's that. Let's go inside.
Muscle Man: Oh, so I guess you forfeit?
Benson: And risk getting struck by lightning? Yes, we forfeit.
Muscle Man: Oh, come on! People don't actually get struck by lightning. That's just an old wives take.
Hi Five: Yeah, (chuckles) Yeah. We got a bunch of old wives over here.
Mordecai: Oh, It's on.
(Mordecai and Rigby play Rugby against Muscle man and Hi Five Ghost. Rigby pick up the ball)
Mordecai: Hut, hut! Hike! [Rigby toses the ball back to him and Mordecai walks back and throws it]
Rigby:(Trying to catch the ball) I got it! I got it!
(Muscle Man catches the ball and runs toward his goal, but Mordecai tackles him)

Hi Five: (trying to catch the ball) I got it! I got it! (Catches the ball) Yes!
(Fives rushes over to his goal and slams it to the ground. Muscle Man and HFG whoop and do a victory dance)
Muscle Man: You know who else likes to mess around in the rain? My mom!
(Muscle Man and Fives high-five each other and get stuck by lightning in the process. We cut to black and pan to the hospital, where Muscle Man and Fives wake up)
Doctor: Looks like they're coming out of it.
Muscle Man: Where... am I?
Doctor: Don't worry, you're in a hospital. You're perfectly safe, assuming you have insurance. Now, you suffered a serious shock, So we need to ask a few questions. What's your name?
Muscle Man: Mitch Sorrenstein.
Doctor: Where do you live? 
Muscle Man: In a trailer with my wife, Starla.
Doctor: Good. And your occupation?
Muscle Man: I work at the park. I'm a groundskeeper.
Doctor: Hm... Looks like everything's normal.
Muscle Man: I just have one question for you doc. (Points to hi hive) who's this guy?
(the others gasp)
Hi Five Ghost: Hi, I'm Hi Five Ghost. I actually work at the park, too. I'm surprised we never ran into each other.
Mordecai: Whoa, you guys don't remember each other?!
Muscle Man: What are you talking about, Mordecai? Why should we?
Hi Five Ghost: Yeah, I mean how can I remember someone I just met?
Benson: How bad is it, doctor?
Doctor: They're suffering from a very specific form of amnesia, one that only targets the memories of their friendship.
Muscle Man: We're friends?
(Muscle Man and HFG look at each other)
Skips: Is it treatable?
Doctor It's my medical opinion that you should go home and try to help jog their memories.
(Scene clock circle wipes back to the Park)
High Five Ghost: We've been friends since high school?
Mordecai: Since you almost died in the crash pit.
High Five Ghost: Huh. I don't know if I see it. No offense.
Muscle Man: None taken. I feel like I remember crashing cars in the crash pit, but not this guy.
High Five Ghost: Mm. Same.
Rigby: You guys really don't feel any connection at all?
(Muscle Man and High Five Ghost look at each other)
Muscle Man: No.
Mordecai: Oh, come on. You know how Rigby and I have our things like - 
Mordecai and Rigby: Whoa! Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm. Hummus! (high-five each other)
Mordecai: And you guys have your things, like taking off your...
Muscle Man: Shoes? Take off my shoes? I wouldn't advise that, bro.
Rigby: (raises hand) How about doing high...?
(Muscle Man and High Five Ghost shrug)
Benson: Eating chicken wing... (uses his hands to imitate chicken wings)
Muscle Man and High Five Ghost: Hmm...
High Five Ghost: Not really ringing a bell, sorry.
Rigby: Okay, we'll show you.
(The scene cuts to outside the house where Muscle Man and HFG are spinning donuts)
Mordecai: Okay! you guys are doing great! Now spin your shirt!
(Muscle Man tries to spin his shirt)
Rigby: No! Like take it off, over your head!
(Muscle Man takes off his shirt and starts spinning his shirt over his head)
Muscle Man: Whoo! Whoo! Woo-hoo! Whoo! Whoo!
High Five Ghost: Are you guys sure this is okay? We're really doing some damage to the lawn.
(Mordecai and Rigby look at each other. We clock centre rotate to the front Wing Kingdom then the interior of the restaurant where Muscle Man is eating a bunch of wings)
Muscle Man: (muffled and eating wings)Oh, yeah! Yeah, this is great.
Mordecai: Nice. How about you? You feeling it?
High Five Ghost: I guess it's just not for me. No offense.
Muscle Man: None taken (continues eating the wings)
Mordecai and Rigby: Hmm...
(Scene cuts to Mordecai, Rigby, Muscle Man and High Five Ghost walking together)
Muscle Man: Man, what an awesome day. This guy must be the greatest friend.
Rigby: How about we try some of your stuff, Fives?
High Five Ghost: Okay, cool. You mean, like going to the record store or hanging with Celia or taking my Esperanto class?
Mordecai: Uh... well, actually, You didn't do any of these things with Muscle Man, so...
High Five Ghost: Oh.
Benson: Hey! We made something that might help.
Pops: A film! (pulls out a VHS)
Benson: A fil- Well, a video. We made a video of you guys together.
Skips: We went into the archives and put together this film as best we could.
Benson: Video. It's really more of a... Oh, it's starting.
(video plays on TV)
Muscle Man: As my best man,  it's your job to feed me fried food till I pass out!
HFG: Ha-ha, you got it!
(feeds Muscle Man wings)
Muscle Man: Heh-heh. Nice.
HFG: Hmm.
(We see Muscle Man puts a feather near HFG's nose. HFG sneezes, with the two laughing after)
Muscle Man: Aw, yeah. Now, that is funny.
Muscle Man: (cut back to the TV) Fives, I put on too much tanning oil, and now I can't get up!
HFG: Don't worry! I'll help!
(HFG Struggles to pull Muscle Man up)
Pops: Wow! What wonderful memories! (chuckles nervously)
HFG: I think I'm gonna call it a night, if that's okay. Thanks. (leaves the room)
Muscle Man: (sighs) Man, after watching that, I wouldn't even be friends with me. I want you to give it to me straight, bros. Am I not cool?
Mordecai: Well... It never really mattered. Hi Five was there, so you were cool to someone.
Muscle Man: Brutal. (sighs and clears throat as he walks to the window) Without him, I'm just a loser. I gotta start taking this seriously. I can't let this slip through my fingers. (Muscle Man looks at his hand as thunder claps) Hmm?
(The scene cuts to Low Five Ghost's House where it is heavily raining. We cut to High Five Ghost playing his synthesizer in his room) Animal ol - Animal olives were packed in a jar (We hear the door knocking, with Low Five Ghost arriving.)
Low Five Ghost: Hey, bro. Cool song. Muscle Man's at the door.
(High Five Ghost sighs and leaves his room. The scene cuts to Fives at the front door attending to a soaking Muscle Man)
High Five Ghost: (sighs) Yes?
Muscle Man: Bro, I know I don't seem very cool, but there's gotta be a reason we were friends, and I don't wanna lose that. There's one thing to save our friendship we haven't tried yet. (raises his left hand as thunder claps)
High Five Ghost:  Listen, it's been a long day, and I really need to recharge.
Muscle Man: Please. This is the last thing. Just slap me some skin. (walks backwards to the middle of the road) Come on! Don't leave me hanging, bro!
High Five Ghost: (sighs) If it's the last thing.
(High Five Ghost floats towards Muscle Man. After high-fiving him, the two get struck by lightning again. After seeing a bright flash of lightning strike the duo, we cut to black and see Muscle Man wake up in the hospital)
Doctor: Hospital again! So tell me, do you guys remember each other yet?
Muscle Man and High Five Ghost: No.
Muscle Man: But we can't give up. We gotta do whatever it takes.
High Five Ghost: I don't know, Mitch. maybe this is all a sign that our friendship isn't meant to be.
Muscle Man: Don't say that, bro. (HFG get out of his bed and leaves the hospital room.) What are you doing? You can't leave.
High Five Ghost: Actually, I was thinking about going on a road trip. I have a lot to think about, like, what is a friend, really? What does any of this mean? Are we all alone on this big blue pebble? 
Muscle Man: Wait! Please, wait. You know who else has a lot to think about?
High Five Ghost: Who?
Muscle Man: My Mom!
High Five Ghost: Hmm. I don't really get it. (leaves)
(The scene cuts to Muscle Man running towards his trailer, bursting in to find Starla knitting.)
Starla: Mitch? (gets up from the couch and follows Muscle Man) Mitch. (knocks on the door) Fun bun? (shows a close up of Starla opening the door, where she notices Muscle Man crying, looking at a photo of him and High Five Ghost as teenagers at the Crash Pit. We see thunder crash through the window.)
Muscle Man: What's it gonna take for you to be my friend? (looks at him and HFG on the photo and the Crash Pit) Starla, you're gonna have to tape our shows tonight, 'cause I'm not coming back without my best friend. (Kisses Starla and leaves the trailer.)
TBA
