(The episode starts with Mordecai and Rigby at the Coffee Shop)
Rigby: So, T.G.I.F., am I right?
Mordecai: Dude, it's 10 AM, Tuesday.
Rigby: Oh, yeah. Tuesdays ain't good for nothing. (Margaret and Eileen walk by.) How 'bout you, Margaret, weekend plans?
Margaret: My weekends are all booked up now. I'm using them for studying. I have to get serious if I want to transfer out of junior college.
Mordecai: When are we ever going to hang out?
Margaret: Sorry, I don't know. Tonight's my last free night, but whoever heard of hanging out on a Tuesday? I should probably just study. See ya. (She leaves.)
Rigby: Man, what's wrong with her? Why would you do that to yourself?
Eileen: Rigby, she needs our support.
Rigby: You heard her, Eileen. She wants to transfer colleges. What if we never see her again? (Then the words echo in Mordecai's mind and the tone gets lower. Mordecai starts to worry about never seeing Margaret ever again.) Right, Mordecai? Yo, Mordecai! Mordo, buddy, are you alright?
Mordecai: Guys, it's Margaret's last night of freedom! Let's surprise her with the biggest party of her life.
Rigby: Dude, yeah!
Eileen: That's a great idea!
Mordecai: Whooooaaaaaa!
Mordecai, Rigby and Eileen: T.G.I. Tuesday!
Margaret: Huh?
(Mordecai, Rigby, and Eileen duck a bit so their voices are kept down)
Mordecai: She gets off work at eight tonight, so we only have a few hours. First, let's get supplies.
Mordecai, Rigby and Eileen: T.G.I. Tuesday.
(Mordecai, Rigby and Eileen go to Party Central USA, with only nine hours until Margaret's shift is over)
Mordecai: Alright, they got Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Wow, even Monday. Aw, what? Nothing for Tuesday?
Muscle Man: Hey, ladies, and Eileen.
Mordecai: Muscle Man, what are you doing here?
Muscle Man: I like to hang around here on my day's off. You know, see where the party's at. Yo, Jessie, where's the party at?
Jessie: For the hundredth time, I just work here.
Muscle Man: He'll budge. What are you lamers doing here?
Eileen: We're setting up a party for Margaret tonight.
Muscle Man: But it's Tuesday. (He slurps his drink.)
Rigby: Yeah-a! After tonight, Tuesday is gonna be the new Friday.
Muscle Man: (Spits out his drink) That's bold, bro. This party gets the Muscle Man seal of approval. You chumps need help with anything? I bet you chumps do.
Mordecai: Can you make sure people hear about it? We need a huge turn out.
Muscle Man: Huge is my and my mom's middle name. I'll see you jerks tonight. (He throws his drink on the ground.) Muscle Man "Huge" Sorrenstein out! Whooo!
Eileen: Great, now we just need a venue.
Mordecai: Hmm, hmm. We'll check all the coolest clubs in town. There's no way they're booked on a Tuesday night.
(Mordecai, Rigby and Eileen go to the No Club Club with only eight hours until Margaret's shift is over)
Club Bouncer 1: Sorry, fellas, but this base is reserved for shuffleboard on Tuesdays.
(Mordecai, Rigby and Eileen go to the IH8PHUN.)
Club Bouncer 2: Women's bridge night.
(Mordecai, Rigby and Eileen go to The Box.)
Club Bouncer 3: You understand that permanently banned applies to Tuesdays too, right?
(Mordecai, Rigby and Eileen go to The Worst Club.) 
Club Bouncer 4: No! Ain't nobody in this town gonna hold a party on a Tuesday. You hear me?! Nobody! Ahhhhhhh!
(Mordecai, Rigby and Eileen are outside eating burritos with only six hours until Margaret's shift is over.)
Eileen: These burritos taste like failure.
Mordecai: Well, do you know what I think? I think they taste like hope. There's got to be a place for Margaret's party.
(Benson comes by.)
Benson: Well, well, well. Look at these slackers. Not you, Eileen. I don't know if you're a slacker.
Mordecai: Look, Benson, we'll planning for something important.
Benson: Wow, sounds really important.
Mordecai: Yeah, so if we can postpone it...
Benson: So you don't want the special assignment?
Rigby: Right.
Benson: You don't want to board up the old ballroom?
Mordecai: Exact––
Mordecai, Rigby and Eileen: Ballroom?
(Mordecai, Rigby, Eileen and Benson go to the Parkside Lux Ballroom.)
Benson: Yep, the Parkside Lux. This ballroom used to host the most elegant balls in its day.
Rigby: Whoa, were they big?
Benson: Oh, they were huge! (In some versions, the line is changed to "These balls were HUGE.")
Rigby: (Snickers, then Mordecai punches him.) Ow!
(Benson opens the door.)
Mordecai, Rigby and Eileen: Whooaaaa.
Benson: Last guests trashed it, as you can see. Nearly bankrupt at the park.
Mordecai: I wonder who Charlene was?
Rigby: Hey Eileen, check this out. (Grabs a bra, and they laugh.)
Benson: This place is impossible to clean. Believe me, I tried. That's why it needs to be boarded up.
Mordecai: But, Benson, this place is perfect for Margaret's party. Can we please use it?
Benson: If you can clean it.
Mordecai, Rigby and Eileen: Awesome!
Benson: (laughs) Good luck. You're gonna need it.
(We go to the Coffee Shop with only four and a half hours left. Margaret is show to be still studying, then her phone rings, her ringtone for Mordecai being "Hanging with Margaret" from "Butt Dial")
Margaret: Hey, Mordecai.
Mordecai: Hey, do you wanna hang out tonight?
Margaret: Yes! (She blushes.) I mean, yeah, sure, sounds cool.
Mordecai: Awesome! Meet at the old ballroom at eight.
Margaret: Ohh. Que Interesante! (She blushes again and slaps her head for what she said.)
Mordecai: Uh, yep. See ya. (They hang up.)
Margaret: Que Interesante? Ugh...
Mordecai: I just told Margaret.
Rigby: Muscle Man's handing out the invitations.
Eileen: I hope he doesn't invite a lot of people we don't know.
Muscle Man: Hey, completely random strangers! Come to this chick's party! (Cheering)
(Mordecai, Rigby and Eileen are inside the ballroom with only three hours left till Margaret's shift is over.)
Mordecai: All right, let's clean this place up.
Eileen: But what if it really can't be cleaned?
Rigby: That was just reverse psychology. Classic Benson.
Mordecai: Yeah, we'll have this cleaned up in no time.
Mordecai and Rigby: Whooooa!
(As Mordecai, Rigby and Eileen clean up the ballroom, all the stuff in there kept coming back to the way it was. Then Margaret texts Mordecai that she will be out in thirty minutes.)
Mordecai: (Gasps) Dude, we got to hurry up. Margaret's almost here.
Rigby: Look, man. You're my bro. I'm happy to help my bro. But this place is crazy! It won't stay clean! It's messing with my head. (Rigby spots the banner coming back.) That banner! (Grunting) I hate you! Charlene! (Rigby rips some of it off.)
Johnny Emp'r'r: Enough!
Mordecai and Eileen: (Screaming)
Rigby: What's going on?!
Johnny Emp'r'r: (Laughs evilly) Evenin', fools!
Mordecai: Who are you?
Johnny Emp'r'r: I'm Johnny Emp'r'r. Ow! And this is Cool Shadé, and my man, Daryl. We are the guardians of this ballroom. Hoo! And y'all are disturbing the sacred ground.
Mordecai: What?
Rigby: Dude, we're just trying to clean it!
(Johnny Emp'r'r, Cool Shadé, and Daryl all start laughing.)
Daryl: They don't get it, J.E.
Johnny Emp'r'r: Yeah, this is how we like it around here. You see, in 1985, we threw the best party ever, right here in this ballroom. A party so fresh, we decided to leave it in this state as a monument to our partying legacy.
(Cool Shadé and Daryl start cheering.)
Mordecai: But we need to party here tonight!
Johnny Emp'r'r: Hoo! Absolutely not! Who parties on a Tuesday anyway, man? No class.
Mordecai: You guys don't understand. After tonight, we won't get to see our friend Margaret for a long time. It's really important to me––uh, I mean, us.
Johnny Emp'r'r: Ooh! Trying to set up the ultimate party for your girl.
Cool Shadé: Noble.
Johnny Emp'r'r: Very well. If you prove you can party harder than we did, which is impossible, you may use the ballroom.
Mordecai, Rigby, and Eileen: Hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm!
Mordecai: Let's go crazy!
Johnny Emp'r'r: Hit it!
(Cool Shadé turns on the boombox and music starts playing.)
Johnny Emp'r'r: Proceed.
Rigby: It's go time!
(Mordecai and Eileen cheer for Rigby and Rigby shows off his dance moves. Johnny Emp'r'r, Cool Shadé, and Daryl all start laughing after he finishes dancing.)
Johnny Emp'r'r: What was that? Cool Shadé, school these fools!
(Cool Shadé jumps over Johnny Emp'r'r and starts dancing. After he's done, his name is summoned, each party ghost with their own unique style. Johnny Emp'r'r and Daryl cheer after he's done.)
Johnny Emp'r'r: All right! Down low! (Cool Shadé high fives Johnny Emp'r'r.)
(Mordecai, Rigby, and Eileen are not impressed by Cool Shadé's dance moves.)
Eileen: Eileen's turn!
Mordecai and Rigby: Yeah! Go, Eileen!
(Eileen dances in a ballet freestyle on the dance floor and after she's done walks off.)
Johnny Emp'r'r: Hoo! I've seen better moves in a funeral!
(Daryl jumps onto the floor and does exactly the same moves as Cool Shadé.)
Rigby: (To Mordecai) Dude, bust out your robot!
Mordecai: Prepare to witness perfection!
RIgby and Eileen: Whoo! Go, Mordecai!
(Mordecai starts dancing the Robot and the ghosts start chuckling.)
Johnny Emp'r'r: Sloppy, sloppy.
(Mordecai, Rigby, and Eileen start complaining.)
Johnny Emp'r'r: And now watch the Emp'r'r!
(Johnny Emp'r'r does exactly the same moves as Daryl and Cool Shadé. Mordecai, Rigby, and Eileen watch closely and realize they're all doing the same moves. And you'd think the 80s were a more creative time...)
Mordecai: You guys are doing the same moves over and over again!
Johnny Emp'r'r: What? These moves are as fresh as the decade from whence they came!
Mordecai: Your 80s moves blow, man.
Johnny Emp'r'r: Well, this partying war just turned cold. Mr. Daryl, Mr. Cool Shadé, let's tear down this hall. ("Ballroom Blitz" starts playing on the boom box and both sides start dancing all together on the dance floor in a battle. At the same time, Margaret finishes her shift and drives to the ballroom. After a dancing montage with Mordecai, Rigby, Eileen, and the ghosts, she stops outside the ballroom.)
Margaret: (Reading the ballroom's name) Parkside Lux Ballroom.
(Margaret text messages Mordecai who gets the message while he's dancing. It says "i'm outside parkside lux right?")
Mordecai: Aah! (Mordecai falls over.) Margaret's outside!
Rigby: What do we do?!
Johnny Emp'r'r: (Chuckles) Just as well, we schoolin' you pretty bad!
Daryl: Yeah, your moves got no 80's effects, or hand claps, or nothing!
Cool Shadé: Prepare yourselves for the finishing moves!
(They start dancing again when they shoot some light at Mordecai, Rigby and Eileen and start dancing again and then stand up and are really bright.)
Rigby: WE'RE GONNA DIE!!! AAAAAAAH!!!!
(Lots of brightness come out of Cool Shadé, Johnny Emp'r'r and Daryl making the screen look white and then they make a note in the air that says "Charlene, good luck on your internship from Emp'r'r, Cool Shadé and Daryl".)
Mordecai, Rigby and Eileen: Huh?
Mordecai: "Charlene"? So no mortal has ever seen that, huh?
Johnny Emp'r'r: No way!
Mordecai: Not even Charlene?
Johnny Emp'r'r: She was supposed to. This party was for her, but we partied so hard and so late, our bodies gave out before we could show her.
Daryl: That's why this ballroom gotta stay this way, because she's coming back someday.
Mordecai: Dude, no. She isn't coming back, because the party's gotta stop someday. My friend Margaret knows that, and if we can't use this ballroom tonight, we may never be able to party with her again.
Johnny Emp'r'r: Hey, blue man, this girl, she sounds pretty important to you.
Mordecai: She is. 
Johnny Emp'r'r: Then promise her something, party with her tonight.
Mordecai: I will.
Johnny Emp'r'r: Partying on a Tuesday. Ooh! Worthy.
(The Emp'r'r claps and some tornadoes clean up the place and Cool Shadé pulls up some speakers on the stage while Muscle Man runs up to the back of the building with lots of people just as Margaret walks in.)
Everyone: Surprise!
Margaret: This is amazing!
Mordecai: All these people came to wish you luck on your studies!
Margaret: Thanks so much, you guys!
Eileen: Oh, it was all Mordecai's idea.
Rigby: Yeah, he deserves all the credit.
Mordecai: Heh, well yeah. Y'know, we won't be able to hang out for a while so I - I just - heh, I just wanted to do something special for you.
Margaret: That’s sweet, but you don’t need to worry! I’m not going anywhere.
Mordecai: Awesome.
(Muscle Man swings his shirt)
Muscle Man: Party!
(Everybody dances until Cool Shadès scratches the record and replaces it with a more smooth romantic song. Margaret hugs Mordecai as they slowly dance together. Empr’r is seen walking past with Muscle Man)
Empr’r: Man, we should have started partying on Tuesdays years ago! Word.
(Camera pans up to the disco light, ending the episode)