(Episode starts with a bright, sunny day. Pops suddenly appears.)
Pops: Oh, what a beautiful day!
Rabbit: Oh, definitely Pops. Enjoy your walk.
(Pops hums to himself as he walks happily through the park. A mysterious figure darts behind him as he walks. Suddenly, the scene changes to a dark landscape with mountains in the distance.) 
Pops: (anxiously) Huh?
(Pops slowly continues walking. The mysterious figure darts behind him again.) 
Pops: (freezes) Wha--?
(Pops whimpers and starts running, pursued by the mysterious figure. He reaches a mountain and is cornered. He turns to face the figure.)
Nightmare Alien: Excuse me, but do you have a minute to fill out this form with your name and address? (points to form attached to a clipboard)
(Camera pans in on Pops' scared expression. Scene cuts to Pops and the park workers asleep on the Space Tree. Pops is levitating himself and the others in his sleep. Mordecai and Rigby wake with a gasp and float over to Pops.) 
Rigby: Not again!
(They begin shaking Pops awake.) 
Mordecai: Pops!
Rigby: Wake up!
(Pops wakes up, causing him to drop everyone to the ground with a crash.)
Pops: What's going on?!
Mordecai: You were levitating stuff in your sleep.
Pops: I was?
Rigby: Yeah, like that time in the observatory?
(Scene cuts to a flashback of the episode “Pops' Favorite Planet”, where Pops, who is floating, lifts items from the ground and levitates them around himself. Flashback ends.) 
Pops: Oh my, I don't remember doing that at all.
Eileen: (putting on her glasses) Well, what do you remember from your dream?
Pops: It was an awful nightmare, there was this wretched creature. He wanted to know where I live. Oh, it was terrible, I can't have that dream again!
Mordecai: Don't worry Pops, we'll make sure you don't have any more nightmares.
(Scene cuts to the Park Dome, with Mordecai, Rigby and Pops sitting in the living room of Pops' House.)
Pops: What are we doing back at the dome?
Rigby: We got two words for ya, Pops: (holds up first finger) Car-- (holds up second finger) --toons.
Pops: Ooh, I like this idea.
Mordecai: Yeah, we're gonna watch this old cartoon, Funky Wunky and the Groovy Gang.
Rigby: The only nightmares you might get is from the bad animation.
(Mordecai presses play. Scene cuts to Funky Wunky and the Groovy Gang. The characters from the cartoon are on a pirate ship.)
Unnamed Character: We did it, Groovies. We found out that the ghost of Bluemont Cove is... (pulls off the ghost mask from a person captured inside a large fishing net, revealing a man underneath) 
Everyone: (gasps) Old Crotchety Elmer, the Lighthouse Keeper!
Old Crotchety Elmer: That's right, there's gold in these waters, and I would've made millions if it weren't for you groovy kids.
Wunky: It's “'roovy 'rang”!
Everyone: Oh, Wunky! (laughs) 
Alfie: And like, we couldn't have done it without the help of the '76 starting line-up of the Oklahoma Mud Pigeons.
Oklahoma Mud Pigeon: Don't mention it, Alfie. Hey Wunky, go long! (throws ball) 
Wunky: (chases ball) R'I got it! (crashes into a wooden beam)
Everyone, except for Old Crotchety Elmer: Oh, Wunky! (laughs) 
(Scene cuts back to Mordecai, Rigby and Pops. Pops is laughing alongside the cartoon characters.) 
Pops: That was delightful! I don't think the animation's bad at all.
Rigby: Now let's get you to bed.
(Scene cuts to Pops laying in bed.) 
Pops: Oh, Wunky.
(Pops falls asleep. Scene cuts to the pirate ship in the cartoon. Pops appears, dressed as one of the characters.) 
Pops, dressed as character: Hmm? What's this?
(Scene reveals the rest of the park workers also dressed as characters from the cartoon.) 
Mordecai, dressed as character: Don't you remember, Chad?
Skips, dressed as character: We just found out that the ghost of Bluemont Cove is Old Crotchety Elmer.
Benson, dressed as character: That's right, and I would've made millions if you groovy kids would fill out these forms with your address! 
Pops: Wait a minute. Form? Address? You're not Old Crotchety Elmer!
(Pops pulls off the Benson mask from the character inside the large fishing net, revealing the mysterious figure from his previous dream. Everyone gasps as the figure breaks out of the net.)
Nightmare Alien: You know, you're really not making this easy for me. C'mon man, just tell me where you live!
Pops: No!
(Scene cuts to Pops asleep on the Space Tree. He's levitating himself and the others in his sleep again. He gasps as he wakes up, causing him to drop everyone to the ground with a crash.) 
Eileen: Ugh, not again.
Benson: Benson's turn.
(Scene cuts to Pops and Benson standing in the Duty Free Shop.)
Benson: Do you know who helps to keep me safe in my dreams?
Pops: Who?
Benson: Doctor Sweet Dreams!
(Dr Sweet Dreams appears on the TV screen, which the scene then cuts to.)
Dr Sweet Dreams: (singing) My name is Doctor Sweet Dreams (starts playing guitar as flames burn in the background) and sleep is my expertise! No one is immune to my sweet tunes.
(Scene cuts to a woman standing, holding a phone.)
Dr Sweet Dreams: (singing) Not your sister.
(A hand off-screen puts a pair of headphones on the woman, who falls asleep. Scene cuts to a dog sitting in a field.) 
Dr Sweet Dreams: (singing) Not your pets.
(A person appears and puts a pair of headphones on the dog, who falls asleep. Scene cuts to a crying baby.)
Dr Sweet Dreams: (singing) Little babies!
(The baby falls asleep. Scene cuts back to Dr Sweet Dreams, who is jumping as he plays guitar.)
Dr Sweet Dreams: (singing) I'll cure your sleep apnea! (kicks the words “SLEEP APNEA”) Your insomnia! (kicks the word “INSOMNIA”) And even your nightmares! (kicks the word “NIGHTMARES”) You'll sleep peacefully tonight, to the sound of my sweet pipes! Buy my tape, don't delay!
(Scene cuts to Pops laying in bed. Benson puts the tape into the tape player.)
Benson: Okay, just let Doctor Sweet Dreams do all the work.
(Benson walks away making a “shh” sound.)
Pops: Oh, thank yo-- (falls asleep)
(Scene cuts to the dark landscape from earlier, now with colourful shapes floating around. The shapes merge together, transporting Pops into the scene, and then float around him.) 
Pops: Oh, this is fun. (spins triangle)
(A light shines onto Pops from above. It's revealed to be Dr Sweet Dreams, who floats down to the ground on a cloud.) 
Pops: You're the man from the tape.
Dr Sweet Dreams: (singing and playing guitar) That's right, it's me!
Pops: Are you going to protect me from that terrible nightmare man?
Dr Sweet Dreams: (playing guitar and headbanging) Oh yeah!
Pops: (relieved) Thank you!
Dr Sweet Dreams: (singing and playing guitar) No need to thank me, it's just part of my job. (headbangs) So, um, like, are you on Earth, or somewhere else maybe?
Pops: That's an odd question.
Dr Sweet Dreams: (singing) I'm just tryna make small talk.
Pops: Oh.
Dr Sweet Dreams: (singing) So, that was a “no” to Earth?
Pops: Wait a minute, Doctor Sweet Dreams would never ask me a question like that. (anxiously) I don't want to talk to you anymore.
(“Dr Sweet Dreams” growls in annoyance and unzips his outfit, revealing that he is actually the mysterious figure.) 
Nightmare Alien: I've tried to play nice, but you're gonna tell me where you live, now!
Pops: No!
(Scene cuts to Pops levitating, and then dropping, himself and the park workers to the ground again. They land with a crash and groan in pain, except for Eileen who has attached two pillows to herself.)
Eileen: Gotta think ahead guys, gotta think ahead!
(Scene cuts to the Food Court, where everyone is sat with an ice pack on their heads except for Pops and Eileen.) 
Mordecai: (sighs) I don't know how to stop your nightmares, Pops.
Rigby: Yeah, we tried two whole things.
Pops: I'm so sorry you all got wrapped up in this. (places head in hands and sighs)
(Recap Robot approaches the table.)
Recap Robot: Whoa, you guys are looking rough. What's going on?
Pops: It's these terrible nightmares I'm having. This creature keeps coming to me in my dreams and demanding to know where I live.
Recap Robot: Hmm, sounds like a nightmare alien.
Pops: A nightmare alien?
Recap Robot: Yeah, a nightmare alien.
Pops: A nightmare alien?! 
Recap Robot: Yep, that's what it is. A nightmare alien.
Mordecai: What is a nightmare alien?
Recap Robot: It's a being that can invade your mind while you sleep. The only way I know to get rid of a nightmare alien is to face it head on in a dream and show it you are not afraid.
Pops: But that's the one thing I am. Afraid. Very, very afraid.
Skips: Maybe you don't have to do this alone.
(Scene cuts to the park workers standing in the barracks.) 
Skips: I learned a technique in the 60s that can link subconscious minds together. Alright, everybody sit in the circle.
(Everyone sits in a circle.) 
Skips: Now join hands.
(Everyone joins hands. Skips lights an incense stick and wraps a large rubber band around the group, pushing them closely together.)
Skips: Alright, now fall asleep.
Eileen: I don't mean to undermine your methods, but--
Mordecai: --how are we supposed to fall asleep like this? 
Skips: Here, drink this. (holds up mug for Pops to drink) It's chamomile tea, it'll put you right out.
(Everyone drinks the tea and passes it around the group.) 
Rigby: Seriously, Skips? Hot leaf water? That's all ya got?
Benson: Maybe we could try like a, (starts falling asleep) like a noise machine.
High Five Ghost: Or some (yawns) orchestral music.
Skips: What was that, guys? You'll have to speak up.
(Everyone is now asleep.)
Skips: That's what I thought. (falls asleep)
(Scene cuts to the dark landscape from Pops' previous dreams. Pops is transported into the scene and glances around anxiously. He sees the mysterious figure, now known to be a nightmare alien, who is tapping a clipboard and laughing evilly.) 
Pops: No!
Skips: (off-screen) Leave him alone!
(Scene reveals the park workers who are now in the dream with Pops, each standing in a fighting stance.) 
Muscle Man: Yeah, stop giving him nightmares.
(The nightmare alien gasps and steps backwards as the group runs towards him. Pops whimpers as he runs and hides under a tree. Mordecai grabs the nightmare alien, who breaks free and attempts to punch him. He misses and gets punched by Benson who is jumping towards him. Benson then gets punched by the nightmare alien and goes flying into a rock, waking him up from the dream. Scene cuts to the barracks.) 
Benson: (sits up and sees the others still asleep) Huh?
(Scene cuts to outside the barracks. Toothpick Sally is guarding the door as Chance Sureshot walks by.)
Chance Sureshot: What's going on in there?
Toothpick Sally: They're fighting a nightmare alien.
Chance Sureshot: Oh yeah, been there man. (walks off)
(Scene cuts back to the dark landscape. Inside the dream, Muscle Man and High Five Ghost run towards the nightmare alien from the either side. The nightmare alien jumps up and the two crash into each other, disappearing from the dream. The nightmare alien lands and is approached by Mordecai and Eileen. He knocks them back with a series of fast-paced kicks and they both disappear from the dream. Skips runs over and punches the nightmare alien, who then grabs him by the arm and throws him over his head. Pops continues to hide under the tree with his head covered, glancing up when he sees Skips sliding across the ground as he's thrown out of the dream.) 
(Scene cuts to the barracks. Skips slides across the ground until he hits the door. Everyone runs over to him.) 
Mordecai: Skips!
High Five Ghost: Can you send us back to the dream world?
Skips: No can do, (holds up chamomile tea box) we're all out of chamomile.
(Scene cuts back to the dark landscape, where the nightmare alien has approached Pops while holding Rigby hostage in his arms.) 
Nightmare Alien: Pops, I didn't want it to come to this, but now you're gonna tell me where you live.
Pops: No.
Rigby: Don't listen to him Pops, I can take him!
(The nightmare alien tightens his grip over Rigby, crushing him and then tossing him away.) 
Pops: Rigby!
(Rigby lands and disappears from the dream. Scene cuts to the barracks, where Rigby wakes with a gasp and sees everyone awake except for Pops.)
Benson: Did you save him?
Rigby: No!
Benson: Alright everybody, we gotta wake him up.
(Everyone runs towards Pops, repeatedly calling his name and telling him to wake up. Scene cuts to the dark landscape where their words are heard by Pops and the nightmare alien.)
Nightmare Alien: Y'hear that? They're trying to wake you up. Maybe you should just tell me where you are, so I don't have to come back here next time you fall asleep. (laughs evilly) 
(Camera pans in as Pops frowns. Scene cuts to the barracks where the park workers continue trying to wake him up. Everyone is thrown backwards and then lifted into the air as Pops starts levitating them and himself.) 
Mordecai: Oh no, not again! Hurry, wake him up!
(Everyone floats over to Pops and resumes trying to wake him up. Scene cuts to the dark landscape.)
Nightmare Alien: Your friends aren't here anymore, Pops. You must be pretty afraid. Give in to your fear, tell me where you live!
Pops: You... you hurt my friends.
Nightmare Alien: Eh?
Pops: Nobody hurts my friends! (tears fall from his eyes)
(Scene cuts to the barracks where everyone is thrown away from the sleeping Pops. Scene cuts back to the dark landscape. Pops makes a fist, then his eyes turn white as he starts levitating. The nightmare alien tries to run but Pops blasts out a wave of energy that sends him flying. He lands on the ground far away.) 
Nightmare Alien: (in pain) Okay, that kinda hurt a little.
(Pops lifts him into the air and slams him to the ground several times.) 
Nightmare Alien: Look man, I was just doing my job.
Pops: Who hired you?!
Nightmare Alien: You did.
Pops: (confused) What? (angrily) You wanna know where I live? The Space Tree.
(Pops punches the nightmare alien, sending him crashing through several rocks. He lays in pain, cowering as Pops stands over him.) 
Pops: I'm not afraid of you anymore.
(Pops lifts the nightmare alien from the ground and manifests a rocket with his mind, which he attaches the nightmare alien to.) 
Pops: Stay away from me and my friends!
(The nightmare alien screams as the rocket launches into the sky and explodes. Scene cuts to the barracks. Pops wakes up and everyone, now sat on the ground, sighs in relief.) 
Mordecai: Pops, did it work?
Pops: (smiling) Let's just say, I put a good scare into the old nightmare alien.
Rigby: So, yes? That's a yes, right?
Pops: Yes.
Everyone: Yes!
(Scene cuts to Pops laying in bed.)
Pops: Now to get back to my normal dreams.
(Pops falls asleep. Scene cuts to the same bright landscape from the start of the episode.) 
Pops: Hit it!
(A butterfly starts playing music on a vinyl record. Pops dances alongside the butterfly. A title card that says “ELSEWHERE” appears. Scene cuts to an unknown space station, where the nightmare alien wakes up in a panic. A mysterious figure types at a computer.) 
???: Granny's Diner, worst service ever! One star. (laughs evilly) And I didn't even eat there!
(The nightmare alien walks over to him.) 
???: Hmm, Carl, you better have good news.
Nightmare Alien: I can't go back, he's too powerful.
???: Did you get his location?
Nightmare Alien: Yes, he's on the Space Tree.
(The mysterious man stands and walks over to a window overlooking space.)
???: Bad show, bad show indeed! (laughs evilly) 
(End of “The Dream Warrior”.)