(Episode starts at the outside of a video store, where we see someone walking. The scene then shows three people inside the store. The person kicks the door, which appears to be Mordecai. The three video store workers gasp. Mordecai and the other park members then remove their hoodies from their faces, except for Pops.)
Joel: Nice! Customers.
Kai: Can I help you?
Fi: I want to help you!
Joel: Guys, guys. It's my turn. What are you looking for? Action? Comedy? Action-Comedy?
Benson: Sorry, we actually don't know what we're looking for but (grabs hologram map from his pocket) this map that Mary Stone gave us says that whatever it is, it's somewhere in this store.
Joel: It's gonna be a little hard to know what kind of action-comedy to recommend if you don't know what you're looking for.
(Pops takes off his hood from his head. Kai, Fi and Joel gasp)
Joel: The chosen one.
Pops: The chosen one. Where? (turns his head around to see where the chosen one is)
(We then see Kai roll up her sleeve to show her Pop's Tattoo, along with Fi, where it is placed on her bottom leg and Joel removes his hat, which also has a Pops tattoo.)
Pops: Oh my...
Joel: We have something to show you.
(Joel opens a door whilst holding a lamp. We then see Joel remove a blanket with an image of Pops. We can see a hole and a wall sliced in half. Kai and Fi grab Pops by the arms and take him to the wall.)
Benson: What are they doing?
Muscle Man: Duh. They're gonna put Pops' head in that hole to open a secret door. It's pretty obvious, Benson.
(Fi and Kai put Pop's head into the wall, which then opens the door horizontally.)
Mordecai, Rigby, Benson, Skips, Eileen and Hi Five Ghost: Woah!
Muscle Man: Told ya.
Pops: What's behind the door?
Fi: Key to your past.
(Pops opens the door and walks through it and sees a tape made of ice. Pops grabs the tape from the stand.)
Pops: It's...for me.
Muscle Man: It's probably a sweet Pops Origin Story.
Skips: Maybe it will tell us what we are supposed to do next.
Rigby: Plus, that tape's made out of ice. We totally gotta watch it.
Mordecai: Can we use one of your VCRs upstairs?
Kai: The tape won't work in any normal VCR.
Fi: You must take the tape to the Forbidden Mountain. There, and only there, may the contents of the tape be revealed to you.
Joel: It'll be pretty dangerous, but we'll gladly die to make sure you get there to watch that tape.
Pops: Not sure that will be necessary.
Mordecai: Let's roll.
(The ice tape is placed in a cooler, and the gang and the video store employees travel to the mountain on snowmobiles.)
Rigby: All this Pops "Chosen One" stuff is crazy! I mean, I always thought he was just an old guy. A nice old guy, but you know?
Mordecai: Yeah, I wonder what he really is. Like, what if Pops wasn't Pops at all?
(Mordecai and Rigby begin to imagine what Pops actually is).
Rigby: What if Pops is a robot?
(Pops turns into a golden robot)
Mordecai: Oh! Or what if he's actually a smaller guy piloting a robot?
(The robot opens up to reveal a smaller and thinner-sized version of Pops, who dances. The imagine spot ends.)
Mordecai: Yeah, that sounds about right.
(Everyone stops at the bottom of the mountain.)
Joel: We're almost to the mountain, but to get there, we must first cross this frozen lake.
Muscle Man: That looks pretty dangerous. Is there another way?
Joel: Well, sure, if you wanna go through Magma Lake or Lightning Lake, be my guest.
(Both lakes are shown as Joel names them, which appear more dangerous than the Frozen Lake.)
Hi Five Ghost: Those names feel pretty on the nose.
Muscle Man: All right. Guess we'll go across the Frozen Lake.
Joel: That's what I thought. We must make haste. Careful haste.
(Everyone begins to move across the Frozen Lake on their snowmobiles. The ice on the lake begins to crack.)
Eileen: Uh, guys?
(The ice begins to crack further, concerning Kai and Fi.)
Joel: Ditch the snowmobiles! Run!
(Everyone hastily gets off their snowmobiles and runs across the Frozen Lake, panting along the way. Much of the ice gives way, taking the snowmobiles with it. Joel attempts to make it across the Frozen Lake with the cooler, only for all of the ice ahead of him to melt into the water. Everyone else made it cross the lake safely.)
Joel: I'm not gonna make it!
(Joel throws the cooler to Kai.)
Kai: (shouts) No, Joel!
Joel: It's too late for me!
Rigby: Just jump it!
Eileen: I really think you can make it!
Joel: Uh...I'm not much of a jumper.
Mordecai: You sure you don't wanna at least try?
Joel: Well, uh, I could give it a try.
(Joel attempts to run and jump to the other side of the lake, only to fail miserably.)
Joel: Whoa! Oh man, I forgot to jump!
Fi: (shouts) Joel!
Joel: (attempting to stay afloat) Now I'm for sure a goner! Just go!
Skips: Maybe we could make a human chain and pull you out?
Joel: But you guys will be really cold!
Rigby: It really won't be that bad!
Joel: (whimpers) Okay, that sounds good! Let's try that! Aah!
(Joel gets eaten by a fish, becoming the first fatality of the expedition. The rest of the group looks on in shock and horror.)
Benson: Well... we tried.
Fi: Let's keep moving.
(The group continue to venture up the mountain, stopping for rest in a cave.)
Pops: It was very brave of...Joel?
Fi: Joel.
Pops: (continues) ...Joel, to sacrifice himself like that.
Eileen: What do you think is on that tape?
Pops: I have no idea, but I'm eager to find out. I know so little about myself, about my past. I can't even remember anything from before I was two years old.
Eileen: Uh, nobody can remember that far back, Pops.
Rigby: Yeah, two? I can hardly remember anything before I was 22.
Pops: Perhaps you're right. 
(Pops stares at the bonfire and has a flashback about noticing a VCR covered in fire at a younger age.)
Skips: Hey, take a look at this!
(Pops snaps back to reality.)
(Skips, Mordecai, Rigby, Benson, and Kai notice something in the cave.)
Skips: It's bones.
Benson: Uh...I don't think we should stay here.
Fi: Agreed. This is definitely a snow mammoth's den. 
Kai: And from the looks of it...
(A snow mammoth suddenly appears behind the group and roars.)
Kai: (shouts) He's right there!
Fi: Everyone, run!
(The group, except Fi, runs away from the snow mammoth. Fi stays behind in an attempt to fight off the monster.)
Fi: Hey! Hey! Hey! (picking up a stick on fire, before raising and waving it) Over here! (throws the stick) Go get it!
(The mammoth grabs Fi by her leg, causing her to scream.)
Kai: (shouts) Fi! No! 
Fi: I'm not worth it! Go on without me! 
Hi Five Ghost: You should really have some more self-respect! You deserve to live as much as any of us!
Fi: You know, maybe you're right! Oh no, now it's really too late!
(Fi is eaten by the mammoth, becoming the second fatality.)
Kai: (cries) Fi! Noooo!
Skips: There's a hole over here we can go through!
(Benson attempts to comfort Kai.)
Benson: Don't let her death be in vain. Come on, let's go, let's go, let's go.
(The group enter the hole and slide through rushing water. Eileen, Muscle Man and Benson scream, as Benson attempts to regain his balance. Pops is shown laughing in enjoyment. They subsequently land near the three VCRs: one covered in fire, one made out of ice, and a regular looking one.)
Everyone: Whoa!
Eggscellent Knight: Greetings, travelers!
(Everyone begins to walk over to the VCRs.)
Mordecai: Aw, what! The Eggscellent Knight? How are you up here?
Rigby: Yeah, we're not even on Earth!
Eggscellent Knight: I posted my resume on one of those job websites and bingo! I got some relic guarding work outside the Andromeda Galaxy. Anyways, I'm here to tell you of these three VCRs. 
(The VCRs are shown.)
Eggscellent Knight: One of fire...one of ice...one that's seemingly normal. Choose incorrectly, and the information will be lost forever! 
(Kai takes the ice tape out of the cooler.) 
Benson: So, which one do we choose? 
Rigby: Well, that seemingly normal one's definitely a trap. 
(The slot of the "normal" VCR opens up to reveal a pair of eyes inside, before a gun is cocked and stuck outside the VCR.)
Eggscellent Knight: I can't say. 
Mordecai: I don't know. Ice tape, ice VCR? Am I crazy here?
Skips: Makes sense to me. What do you say, Pops?
(Pops walks up to the VCR on fire, before having the same flashback as earlier.)
(doorbell rings)
Mailman: (holding the fire covered VCR) Delivery for Mr. Maellard, see. Careful, sir. It seems to be quite hot, see.
Mr. Maellard: Don't tell me how to handle my highly futuristic equipment, see!
Mailman: Whatever you say, see. 
Mr Maellard: Say, is this thing made well? I need it to last a while, see.
Mailman: Well, sir, you could upgrade to a lifetime warranty for 25 cents, see.
Mr Maellard: Sounds like a scam, see. Get outta my house, ya crook! (door slams)
(Pops snaps back to reality.)
Pops: (gasp) It's the fire one!
Benson: Really? 
Mordecai: Won't it just melt if we put it in there? And then we'd never know what's on it!
Hi Five Ghost: You won't be able to learn about your destiny!
Pops: Just trust me.
(Kai hands over the ice tape to Pops.)
Kai: Good luck, Chosen One. 
(Just as Pops is about to insert the tape, the snow mammoth from earlier returns. Everyone collectively screams.)
Kai: Hold it off! Pops must see the tape!
(Skips and Eileen begin to shoot the mammoth with laser guns.)
Eileen: It's just making the place smell like burnt wigs! 
(The mammoth begins to leap towards everyone.)
Skips: It's all we got! Keep shooting! 
(Both continue to shoot, making a hole in the mountain wall. The mammoth strikes the group, causing the ice tape to fall out of Pop's hand and land on a block of ice.)
Pops: (screams) No!
Rigby: We didn't come this far to not get answers!
(Rigby proceeds to leap across the ice blocks to retrieve the tape, as Skips and Eileen continue to shoot lasers. He grabs the tape just as it is about to flow out of the mountain.)
Rigby: I got it! Aah!
(The mammoth moves backwards, due to the lasers hitting the wall spikes and causing them to fall from above, towards Rigby. Rigby leaps away from it.)
Kai: (yells) For Pops!
(Kai runs towards the mammoth to sacrifice herself.)
Hi Five Ghost: (yells) Kai! Nooo!
Eileen: We could just keep shooting rocks at him!
Skips: It was working really well!
Kai: (jumping towards the mammoth) What?
(Realising her mistake too late, both the mammoth and Kai fall out of the mountain, falling to their eventual deaths. The gang look on.)
(cellphone rings)
Mordecai: (picks up his phone) Hello?
Kai: (falling) I knew my time would come! And it was totally worth it to die for Pops! I gotta goooooo!
(With this, Kai is the last of the video store employees to die.)
Mordecai: Kai? Kai? Hello? (turns to the group) She said it was worth it.
Skips: Those three. If nothing else, they had a calling. 
Eggscellent Knight: Ahem. It is time to make your choice. 
(Pops is finally able to insert the ice tape into the VCR on fire.)
Everyone: Oooh!
Eggscellent Knight: You have chosen wisely.
(A hologram of Mr. Maellard appears in the fire.)
Mr. Maellard: (clapping) You did it Pops! You found the tape! 
Everyone: Mr. Maellard?
Pops: Poppa?
Mr. Maellard: I couldn't be more proud. Now, I think it's high time that I explain some things to you. 
(old film footage begins to appear on the hologram, corresponding with Mr. Maellard's story.)
Mr Maellard: A long time ago, I was on an expedition for recently fallen meteorites. People at the time liked the look of them, so they'd pay a pretty penny. Then, one day, a brand new meteor fell. It was my lucky day! But when we went to inspect it, we found something else. It was you! Baby you, but you! My Pops. I called you that 'cause you looked super old. (chuckles) But then, I found something else. With you, I found a scroll. The scroll explained that you are special, not of this Earth. It told the tale of two brothers: one, the embodiment of pure good, and the other, filled with pure evil, destined to be at war with one another. I hoped I'd found the good one. (laughs) I hate returning things. So I decided to hide you in the most ordinary place I could find. All I wanted is for you to live out the rest of your days safely on Earth. But that isn't your destiny. The universe is beginning to unravel. And it can only be the work of that brother of yours, out there somewhere, his instinct, only to destroy. You, Pops, have the power to stop him. You're the only one standing between him and the destruction of the universe! Pops, I'm sure by now you've started to notice your body's changing. You're finding powers where there were no powers before. These are the beginning manifestations of your true form. You must learn to harness your powers if you are to survive. The scroll speaks of the strongest, most powerful trainer Earl, who will teach you how to use your powers. I know it's a lot to take in, but I believe in you. And Pops, I may not be your real father, but you were always my real son. 
(Pops begins to tear up.)
Mr. Maellard: (turning to his right) Should we do another one? Did we get that?
(The holographic message ends and the tape ejects, melting instantly.)
Rigby: Ohhhhhh, boy. Guess Pops isn't a robot.
Mordecai: So...how do we find this trainer?
Earl: Looking for me?
(An elderly Earl appears from the shadows.)
Everyone: Uhhh?
Earl: I am Earl, from the tape. Now, who's ready to train?
Everyone: Ohhhh! 
(Everyone turns to one another and chatter.)
Pops: Yes, of course he's old!
(End of "The Ice Tape")