
(Mordecai and Rigby are raking the leaves, playing a basketball game to help them enjoy it)
Mordecai: It's the last 10 seconds of the All-Star game! Team USA! It's all down to this!
(Rigby picks up all of the leaves together in a ball-like fashion)
Rigby: Rigby's got the rock!
Mordecai lifts a trash bag for Rigby to throw the leaves into)
Mordecai: Mordecai sets 'em up!
Rigby: Slam Dunk!
(Rigby throws the leaves into the trash bag)
Mordecai: Jump shot at the buzzer!
(Mordecai chucks the bag into a trash can attached to the Cart)
Both: OOOHH!!! USA! USA!-
(Benson walks up to them)
Benson: Ugh, you guys are always doing the same dumb chant. Maybe you could mix it up for once? You two do know that other countries exist, right?
Mordecai: Of course we know about other countries.
Rigby: Yeah, we know about tons of other countries!
Mordecai: Let's show him. You wanna show him?
Rigby: Hmm hmm, lets show him!
Benson: Show me what?
(Mordecai and Rigby run off chanting)
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: USA! USA! USA! USA! 
(Mordecai and Rigby sing Places of the World. They are seen at Mount Rushmore, in South Dakota)
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: USA! We're here to stay, but today, we're going on a quick vacay to Canada!
(Mordecai and Rigby are now in the Canadian Rockies, a beaver can be seen in the background)
Mordecai: Can't get no tan-ada! 
(Rigby takes off his sunglasses and notices a panda eating bamboo)
Rigby: A pan-ada in Canada?
Mordecai: No, man-ada!
(Mordecai and Rigby are seen on the Great Wall of China)
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: It's China! Nothing could be finer 'cept their twice cooked pork! No fork, chopsticks! Irish -
(Mordecai and Rigby are now seen at the Rock of Cashel, in Ireland, near a sheep)
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: - Sheep are fleecy!
(Rigby is seen wearing a beret in the Champ de Mars, where France's Eiffel Tower is located)
Rigby: France is just chill, 'cause they take it easy!
(Mordecai and Rigby are now seen at Mexico's Temple of Kukulkan)
Mordecai: Hey Mexico, you're a dang fine neighbor.  
(Mordecai and Rigby are now seen opposite the Sydney Opera House in Australia)
Rigby: And Australia's founders were doing hard labor! 
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: Fun lingo, mingle with the dingo!
(They are now both seen at a Sumo tournament)
Rigby: In Japan, the Sumos throw down and get paid!
Mordecai: Watch it!
(Mordecai and Rigby are seen in a sausage factory)
Mordecai: Germany's the place where sausage gets made!
Rigby: Don't watch it!
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: Mm, mm, mm, mm!
(Mordecai and Rigby are now in the Amazon Rainforest)
Mordecai: Brazil's biological diversity!
(Mordecai and Rigby are now in Dubai)
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: Rivals what Dubai has got!
Rigby: Talking vertically!
(Mordecai and Rigby are now seen in a cable car going up the Matterhorn, in the Swiss Alps)
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: Speaking of up, we're up in Switzerland! Matterhorn, matter-honk! You're made of rocks and boulders!
(Mordecai and Rigby are now in Antarctica, where some penguins can be seen)
Rigby: The penguins in Antarctica have got no shoulders!
(Mordecai and Rigby move towards a penguin)
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: Where'd your shoulders go? Did you lose them in the snow? Got no shoulders! Penguin's got no shoulders!
(Mordecai and Rigby cross their arms, and the penguin gaks. They decide to bring it with them. They are now seen in New Zealand) 
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: New Zealand! 
Mordecai: You give me fuzzy feet and fuzzy -
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: feeling! Same with England, Iceland, Greenland, all the lands!
(They are seen at the Gyeongbokgung Palace in Seoul, South Korea) 
Rigby: South Korea, great to see ya!
(They are in Costa Rica by a sloth)
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: "I live la vida" in Costa Rica!
Mordecai: You got the best beaches!
(They are now in Indonesia)
Rigby: Indonesia, you got the best beaches!
(They are now in Puerto Rico)
Mordecai: Puerto Rico!
Rigby: Ditto on the beaches.
(They are now in St. Vincent and the Grenadines)
Mordecai: St. Vincent and the Grenadines!
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: So many beachin' beaches!
(They are seen with a cow at Taj Mahal)
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: Teach us how to milk a cow! India, we're into ya! Chile and Peru, stay true as the illest Portug-illest, places in the world!
(They are seen in Italy)
Rigby: Italy's language is mega mellow, check out the ceiling dude!
(The Italian God, Jupiter, appears)
Jupiter: Ah, buongiorno!
Mordecai: Singapore's got-
Rigby: What?
Mordecai: Singapore's got-
Rigby: What? A fish?
Mordecai: No.
Rigby: A lion?
Mordecai: No.
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: How about both?
(Rigby is seen in Trinidad and Tobago)
Rigby: Trinidad is not so bad, let's kick it with a turtle!
(They are seen by the Bled Castle in Slovenia)
Mordecai: Saw in a castle in Slovenia, wrote it in my journal!
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: I wanna, I gotta, I'm gonna get to Ghana!
(Rigby points to a Victorian Crown Pigeon)
Rigby: Some crazy-looking bird, can you give me the skinny?
Mordecai: From the independent state of Papua New Guinea?
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: Mada-Madagascar! OOHHH!!!
Rigby: Also turkey, OOOHHHHH!!!
(The song ends, and Mordecai and Rigby return to the Park)
Rigby: Whew!
Mordecai: How many countries did we go to?
Rigby: I don't know, like all of them?
Mordecai: Yeah, we did!
(Benson approaches them)
Benson: Where have you two been? You ran out the Park chanting "USA!" and then no-one saw you for three months!" 
Rigby: Would you believe Papua New Guinea?
Benson: No!
Mordecai: Antarctica?
Benson: Get back to work! And take this penguin with you!
(The penguin is seen relaxing drinking a cocktail, with a girl in a paddling pool. He gaks)
END OF SHORT
