(The short starts with the dome being shown in space. A car, a few rocks, a soda machine, a tyre and a rake are floating. Skips is seen mediating and floating, Benson floating while sleeping on the sofa, Eileen sleeping in Mordecai and Rigby's bedroom on an inflatable mattress whilst floating in the air, along with the rest of the items in the room. Muscle Man is seen sleeping in his trailer floating upside down, along with all of his belongings. Pops is then shown in the hallway, sleeping whilst floating. He crashes into the window, which makes his bed hat fall out of the window. Meanwhile, a carton of milk is seen floating in the fridge, opened by Mordecai.)
Mordecai: Milk...
(A box of Soggy Oat Nuts is also shown floating in the cabinet.)
Rigby: Cereal...
(The bowl is shown floating.)
Mordecai &amp; Rigby: Combine...
(The milk and cereal do not go into the bowl. Instead, they start floating. Mordecai tires to drink the milk. Mordecai then starts laughing. Rigby also drinks the milk and chuckles.) We then see Benson sleeping for a few seconds. The camera then goes back to the kitchen, where Mordecai and Rigby are floating.)
Rigby: I'm open!
(Mordecai then grabs and throws a bottle of cheese spray. Rigby then grabs it and laughs.)
Rigby: Watch this! Hasta la cheese-a, baby.
(We then see Rigby spray the cheese and fly in the air. We then watch him bump into the wall, laughing. Benson wakes up.)
Benson: Huh? What the-?
(A cabinet bumps into Benson.)
Benson: Ow!
(Benson starts getting furious. Meanwhile, Mordecai and Rigby are still in the kitchen. Rigby throws an egg at Mordecai. Mordecai then throws a can of Tomato Paste at Rigby. Rigby then laughs.)
Rigby: Ow!
(The scene then cuts to Benson opening to door and floating in the hall. A boot knocks into Benson's face.)
Benson: Ow!
(An Alarm Clock knocks into Benson's face and starts beeping.)
Benson: Ow!
A vase then smashes into Benson's face and breaks.)
Benson: Argh!
(We then see the door to the Artificial Gravity Control Room. Benson opens the door and we see a computer showing to Park Dome on the screen, along with two buttons The left hand one is off, and is called Artificial. The one turned on is called Gravity. Benson's hand then presses the Artificial Button. The screen then cuts to Eileen falling onto the ground in Mordecai and Rigby's Bedroom, Muscle Man falling down onto the floor in his caravan and Pop’s Sleeping Hat falls onto the roof. The screen then cuts back to the kitchen where Mordecai and Rigby fall onto the ground. We then see Skips in his garage as he falls to the ground slowly whilst meditating. The screen then cuts back to the kitchen, where Mordecai and Rigby are groaning. Footsteps can be heard in the background.) 
Benson: If you turn the artificial gravity off again, YOU’RE FIRED!
Rigby: Same time tomorrow?
Mordecai: Yeayuh!
(End of "2001 A Nap Odyssey")
